It is amazing how complete is the delusion that beauty is goodness.
God will not look you over for medals, degrees or diplomas but for scars.
Knowing others is intelligence
The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends.
Learn to light a candle in the darkest moments of someone’s life. Be the light that helps others see
Follow your heart, listen to your inner voice, stop caring about what others think.
The measure of intelligence is the ability to change.
You will do foolish things, but do them with enthusiasm.
It is not that I'm so smart. But I stay with the questions much longer.
I'm not young enough to know everything.
The past has no power over the present moment.
Don't waste your time with explanations: people only hear what they want to hear.
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.
We must be willing to let go of the life we planned so as to have the life that is waiting for us.
Don't Gain The World 
Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens
You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection
The mind once enlightened cannot again become dark.
We can know only that we know nothing. And that is the highest degree of human wisdom.
Even strength must bow to wisdom sometimes.
Sell your cleverness and buy bewilderment.
I’m not in this world to live up to your expectations and you’re not in this world to live up to mine.
He who knows all the answers has not been asked all the questions.
The more I read, the more I acquire, the more certain I am that I know nothing.
We learn from failure, not from success!
The desire to reach for the stars is ambitious. The desire to reach hearts is wise.
Do you not see how necessary a world of pains and troubles is to school an intelligence and make it a soul?
Music is ... A higher revelation than all Wisdom 
Never, never, never give in!
Perhaps the rare and simple pleasure of being seen for what one is compensates for the misery of being it.
The older I grow, the more I distrust the familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom.
We live in an age when unnecessary things are our only necessities.
All knowledge hurts.
Wonder is the beginning of wisdom.
I think I've discovered the secret of life -- you just hang around until you get used to it.
Authority without wisdom is like a heavy axe without an edge, fitter to bruise than polish.
Half of seeming clever is keeping your mouth shut at the right times.
Life would be tragic if it weren't funny.
Common sense in an uncommon degree is what the world calls wisdom.
Sometimes one likes foolish people for their folly, better than wise people for their wisdom.
Risks must be taken because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing.
Whenever I hear anyone arguing for slavery, I feel a strong impulse to see it tried on him personally.
Never complain, never explain. Resist the temptation to defend yourself or make excuses.
Honesty is the first chapter of the book wisdom.
If we encounter a man of rare intellect, we should ask him what books he reads.
Those sweet lips. My, oh my, I could kiss those lips all night long.Good things come to those who wait.
Time is a game played beautifully by children.
The soul becomes dyed with the colour of its thoughts.
It is one thing to be clever and another to be wise.
The public have an insatiable curiosity to know everything, except what is worth knowing.
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.
Having children makes you no more a parent than having a piano makes you a pianist.
Suffering is a gift. In it is hidden mercy.
Guard well your thoughts when alone and your words when accompanied.
I ask not for any crownBut that which all may win
The essence of being human is that one does not seek perfection.
The only man who never makes mistakes is the man who never does anything.
Wisdom is not a product of schooling but of the lifelong attempt to acquire it.
As if you could kill time without injuring eternity.
A fit, healthy body—that is the best fashion statement
He that breaks a thing to find out what it is has left the path of wisdom.
People who know little are usually great talkers, while men who know much say little.
Your conscience is the measure of the honesty of your selfishness.Listen to it carefully.
We must live together as brothers or perish together as fools.
Wise? No, I simply learned to think.
It takes a very long time to become young.
It is wise to direct your anger towards problems -- not people
People know what they do
I felt like an animal, and animals don’t know sin, do they?
The journey is what brings us happiness not the destination.
I AM IGNORANT of absolute truth. But I am humble before my ignorance and therein lies my honor and my reward.
The art of being wise is knowing what to overlook.
A wise man gets more use from his enemies than a fool from his friends.
Recognizing power in another does not diminish your own.
Into the darkness they go, the wise and the lovely. 
wisdom comes to us when it can no longer do any good.
The stupid neither forgive nor forget
No man is poor who has a Godly mother.
Hide not your talents, they for use were made,What's a sundial in the shade?
A smart person knows how to talk. A wise person knows when to be silent.
No, that is the great fallacy: the wisdom of old men. They do not grow wise. They grow careful.
But magic is neither good nor evil. It is a tool, like a knife. Is a knife evil? Only if the wielder is evil.
Sometimes it's not enough to know what things mean, sometimes you have to know what things don't mean.
A man is not called wise because he talks and talks again
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door
Wisely and slow
Take it moment by moment, and you will find that we are all, as I’ve said before, bugs in amber.
Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers.
Lost Time is never found again.
There are no ordinary moments.
May Light always surround you
It is strange how often a heart must be broken Before the years can make it wise.
Where wisdom reigns, there is no conflict between thinking and feeling.
In order to rise from its own ashes, a Phoenix first must burn.
We don't receive wisdom
Prediction is very difficult, especially about the future.
As a well spent day brings happy sleep, so life well used brings happy death.
Never forget that justice is what love looks like in public.
You will not be punished for your anger
We should forgive our enemies, but not before they are hanged
I have lived with several Zen masters -- all of them cats.
You cannot teach a man anything, you can only help him find it within himself.
Mama used to say, you have to know someone a thousand days before you can glimpse her soul.
Education is no substitute for intelligence.
How can I be substantial if I do not cast a shadow? I must have a dark side also If I am to be whole.
I can calculate the motion of heavenly bodies but not the madness of people.
A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging their prejudices.
There is a wisdom of the head, and... there is a wisdom of the heart.
من نمّ لك نمّ بك, ومن نقل إليك نقل عنك, ومن إذا أرضيته فقال ماليس فيك, كذلك إذا أغضبته قال فيك ماليس فيك.
My soul is in the sky.
Perhaps the logical conclusion of everyone looking the same is everyone thinking the same.
Re-examine all you have been told. Dismiss what insults your soul.
There is no escape—we pay for the violence of our ancestors.
It is not a daily increase, but a daily decrease. Hack away at the inessentials.
No one cares how much you know, until they know how much you care
If you try to change it, you will ruin it. Try to hold it, and you will lose it.
It doesn't matter where you are coming from. All that matters is where you are going.
Wisdom.... comes not from age, but from education and learning.
Most things break, including hearts. The lessons of life amount not towisdom, but to scar tissue and callus.
I've learned that you shouldn't go through life with a catcher's mitt on both hands
These violent delights have violent ends.
My head’ll explode if I continue with this escapism.
The man of wisdom is never of two minds
When you make a choice, you change the future.
I will no longer mutilate and destroy myself in order to find a secret behind the ruins.
Conquer the angry one by not getting angry
The road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom.
Only the wisest and stupidest of men never change.
Obscurity and a competence—that is the life that is best worth living.
The wisest are the most annoyed at the loss of time.
When in doubt, choose to live.
Wisdom is knowing I am nothing,Love is knowing I am everything,and between the two my life moves.
Hate is... It's too easy. Love. Love takes courage.
I do not know everything
My feelings are too loud for words and too shy for the world.
So wise so young, they say, do never live long.
It takes a great man to be a good listener.
Treachery and violence are spears pointed at both ends
Expectations make people miserable, so whatever yours are, lower them. You'll definitely be happier.
The way out is through the door. Why is it that no one will use this method?
Wisdom is having things right in your lifeand knowing why.
The invariable mark of wisdom is to see the miraculous in the common.
I feel sorry for anyone who is in a place where he feels strange and stupid.
Even a soul submerged in sleep is hard at work and helps make something of the world.
A man without words is a man without thought.
Women may fall when there's no strength in men.Act II
I cannot compromise my respect for your love. You can keep your love, I will keep my respect.
الحب هو ذكاء المسافة، ألّا تقترب كثيرًا فتلغي اللهفة، ولا تبتعد طويلًا فتُنسى.
Sometimes you weren't supposed to share pain. Sometimes it was best just to deal with it alone.
If curiosity killed the cat, it was satisfaction that brought it back.
Nature is pleased with simplicity. And nature is no dummy
Life—the way it really is—is a battle not between good and bad, but between bad and worse
The happiness of the drop is to die in the river.
Positive expectations are the mark of the superior personality.
That's not a bad word...hate and war are bad words, but fuck isn't.
Our ability to adapt is amazing. Our ability to change isn't quite as spectacular.
Love of music, of sunsets and sea
Do not seek to follow in the footsteps of the wise
To hide feelings when you are near crying is the secret of dignity.
Anger exceeding limits causes fear and excessive kindness eliminates respect.
It’s always hard to lose somebody. It leaves a hole in you heart that never grows back. 
Learned we may be with another man's learning: we can only be wise with wisdom of our own.
Look for the good in every person and every situation. You'll almost always find it.
Be wiser than other people if you can
If I had to live my life again, I'd make the same mistakes, only sooner.
When they say the sky's the limit to me that's really true
The worst thing: to give yourself away in exchange for not enough love.
Sanity calms, but madness is more interesting.
When you're in a Slump,you're not in for much fun.Un-slumping yourselfis not easily done.
Maybe you could be mine / or maybe we’ll be entwined / aimless in this sexless foreplay.
Every immigrant who comes here should be required within five years to learn English or leave the country.
Sorrow looks back, Worry looks around, Faith looks up
It is easier to be wise for others than for ourselves.
Travel brings wisdom only to the wise. It renders the ignorant more ignorant than ever.
There are some experiences in life they haven't invented the right words for.
I have studied many philosophers and many cats. The wisdom of cats is infinitely superior.
The fact that man knows right from wrong proves his intellectual superiority to the other creatures
Focus on making yourself better, not on thinking that you are better.
A desire not to butt into other people's business is at least eighty percent of all human wisdom.
A bird is safe in its nest - but that is not what its wings are made for.
Dieting is the only game where you win when you lose!
Conceit spoils the finest genius.
Please, touch me, I pray.
You are never alone. You are eternally connected with everyone.
Wisdom is the reward for surviving our own stupidity.
You can't dwell on what might have been...and it's not fair to condemn him for something he hasn't done.
Love only grows by sharing. You can only have more for yourself by giving it away to others.
I am the shore and the ocean, awaiting myself on both sides.
How prone to doubt, how cautious are the wise!
Hide yourself in God, so when a man wants to find you he will have to go there first.
Begin, be bold, and venture to be wise.
If everything seems under control, you're not going fast enough.
It is beautiful to express love and even more beautiful to feel it.
Everything you do is triggered by an emotion of either desire or fear.
Time flows away like the water in the river. 
Everything you'll ever need to know is within you
The nail that sticks out farthest gets hammered the hardest.
Jasnah had once defined a fool as a person who ignored information because it disagreed with desired results.
The path to success is to take massive, determined action.
Mistakes are the growing pains of wisdom.
The future was one thing that could never be broken, because it had not yet had the chance to be anything.
I thought to myself: I am wiser than this man
If we don't change the direction we are headed, we will end up where we are going.
Happiness is not in the mere possession of money
If Christ were here there is one thing he would not be—a Christian.
The act of taking the first step is what separates the winners from the losers.
ليس كل ما يخطر للمرء يقوله ، لا سيما إذا كان صحيحا
All truly wise thoughts have been thought already thousands of times
He must be very ignorant for he answers every question he is asked.
Meditation is a way for nourishing and blossoming the divinity within you.
Realize that everything connects to everything else.
I have always felt that doubt was the beginning of wisdom, and the fear of God was the end of wisdom.
A path is made by walking on it.
If you're gonna burn a bridge behind you, make sure you've crossed it first.
Veganism is not about giving anything up or losing anything
Even as a solid rock is unshaken by the wind, so are the wise unshaken by praise or blame.
Many have died
He hated when his own advice applied to himself.
A man convinced against his will Is of the same opinion still
People who say that yesterday was better than today are ultimately devaluing their own existence.
You look up when you wish to be exalted. And I look down because I am exalted.
Chase away sorrow by living
من قال لك أن درب الجنة معبد بالورود؟
In wisdom gathered over time I have found that every experience is a form of exploration.
An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.
Whatever happens to your body, your soul will survive, untouched...
The life you have left is a gift. Cherish it. Enjoy it now, to the fullest. Do what matters, now.
Sometimes wisdom came from strange places, even from giant teenaged goldfish.
Whatever you believe with feeling becomes your reality.
Do not look for happiness outside yourself. The awakened seek happiness inside.
I criticize by creation, not by finding fault.
Getting divorced just because you don't love a man is almost as silly as getting married just because you do. 
A fool's paradise is a wise man's hell.
He who binds to himself a joyDoes the winged life destroy
For this feeling of wonder shows that you are a philosopher, since wonder is the only beginning of philosophy.
It’s always about timing. If it’s too soon, no one understands. If it’s too late, everyone’s forgotten.
Crying does not indicate that you are weak. Since birth, it has always been a sign that you are alive.
That woman doesn't have the sense God gave a retarded flea.
Acquiring wisdom is great but it is not the goal, applying it is.
Every person has a right to risk their own life for the preservation of it.
In the land of the blind, the one-eyed man is king.
They can't tell so much about you if you got your eyes closed.
If a man could have half of his wishes, he would double his troubles.
Time ripens all things
I would rather be able to appreciate things I cannot have than to have things I am not able to appreciate.
May your feet ever walk in the light of two suns... and may the moonshadow never fall on you... 
A man in love is incomplete until he has married. Then he's finished.
Imagine others complexly.
Ethical veganism results in a profound revolution within the individual
No matter what you do, someone always knew you would.
Things are not always what they seem
The beginning of wisdom is the definition of terms.
Is it so far from madness to wisdom?" - Daenerys Targaryen
Humor can get in under the door while seriousness is still fumbling at the handle.
The mind is a wonderful servant, but a terrible master.
A wind that blows aimlessly is no good to anyone.
You're thinking about something, and it makes you forget to talk.
There were many terrible things in my life and most of them never happened.
He who speaks without an attentive ear is mute.
Wisdom is one of the few things that looks bigger the further away it is.
I visited many places, Some of them quite Exotic and far away, But I always returned to myself.
Always choose the future over the past. What do we do now?
A person's rightful due is to be treated as an object of love, not as an object for use.
For with much wisdom comes much sorrow
He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know.
Don't be afraid of the shadows, that only means there's a light nearby.
Healthy citizens are the greatest asset any country can have.
To be evenminded is the greatest virtue.Wisdom is to speakthe truth and actin keeping with its nature.
Don't go on discussing what a good person should be. Just be one.
Liberty without Learning is always in peril and Learning without Liberty is always in vain.
He who dares not offend cannot be honest.
I don't fancy colors of the face, I'm always attracted to colors of the brain.
There are many goals but one path - the path of compassion.
Lucy: You learn more when you lose Charlie Brown: Well then I must be the smartest person in world!!!
Where are you? HereWhat time is it? NowWhat are you? This moment.
It is rare for people to be asked the question which puts them squarely in front of themselves
Have love for your inner Self and everything else is done for you.
Wherever I go, I meet myself.
youth is easily deceived because it is quick to hope.
Goodness without wisdom always accomplishes evil.
Wit seduces by signaling intelligence without nerdiness.
A photograph shouldn't be just a picture, it should be a philosophy.
Better to shun the bait than struggle in the snare.
The more humble and obedient to God a man is, the more wise and at peace he will be in all that he does.
From the mouths of the innocents flows truth.
One of the greatest problems of our time is that many are schooled but few are educated.
He who acts, spoils
There's no solution to life, there's going to be problems no matter what.
Hats have power. Hats can change you into someone else.
Everybody gets so much information all day long that they lose their common sense.
Gamitin ang puso para alagaan ang taong malapit sayo. Gamitin ang utakpara alagaan ang sarili mo.
Capabilities are clearly manifested only when they have been realized.
If you want to annoy a poet, explain his poetry.
Cleverness is not wisdom.
Anything that you learn becomes your wealth, a wealth that cannot be taken away from you
I only know that I know nothing
Where there is anger there is always pain underneath.
He who doesn't understand history is doomed to repeat it.
Where is the wisdom we have lost in knowledge?Where is the knowledge we have lost in information?
I lied and said I was busy.I was busy
If everyone helps to hold up the sky, then one person does not become tired.
Granny was an old-fashioned witch. She didn’t do good for people, she did right by them.
A wise man always has something to say, whereas a fool always needs to say something.
They think that intelligence is about noticing things are relevant (detecting patterns)
Each person you meetis an aspect of yourself,clamoring for love.
Excellence/Perfection is not a destination
The more you know, the less you need.
Earthlings went on being friendly, when they should have been thinking instead.
The revolution is not an apple that falls when ripe. You have to make it fall.
All art is but dirtying the paper delicately.
Adventure is not outside man
Silence does not always mark wisdom.
Use the wings of the flying Universe, Dream with open eyes
It’s never overreacting to ask for what you want and need.
There is another alphabet, whispering from every leaf, singing from every river, shimmering from every sky.
A point of view can be a dangerous luxury when substituted for insight and understanding.
The most important thing is this: to sacrifice what you are now for what you can become tomorrow.
What one thinks is right is not always the same as what others think is right
The true delight is in the finding out rather than in the knowing.
Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding.
I believe much trouble and blood would be saved if we opened our hearts more.
Being alive is sign of strength!
Writing about the unholy is one way of writing about what is sacred. 
Memories were short and history unkind. It was the way of the world.
Habit rules the unreflecting herd.
The lessons of life amount not to wisdom, but to scar tissue and callus.
A person is wise if he listens to millions of advice and doesn't implement any of it.
well, sometimes to get what you want the most, you have to do what you want the least.
Blíndur er bóklaus ma∂ur. Blind is a man without a book.
If you don't feel it, flee from it. Go where you are celebrated, not merely tolerated.
Whoever cannot seek the unforeseen sees nothing for the known way is an impasse.
Maybe it just means that love can be stronger than fear.
Because some things are never meant to be anything more than a moment. And that was one of them.
Non-judgment quiets the internal dialogue, and this opens once again the doorway to creativity.
Love is wise
Ô, Wanderess, WanderessWhen did you feel your most euphoric kiss? Was I the source of your greatest bliss?
The way you give your name to others is a measure of how much you like and respect yourself.
We understand more than we know.
When God takes out the trash, don't go digging back through it. Trust Him.
Imagine no limitations
Love is not a relationship, love is a state of being
All our wisdom is stored in the trees.
It is a very sad thing that nowadays there is so little useless information.
و ميز كلامك قبل الكلام… فإن لكل كلام جوابفرب كلام يمص الحشى … و فيه من المزح ما يستطاب
Selfishness and greed, individual or national, cause most of our troubles.
Ordinary people merely think how they shall 'spend' their time
Morality is temporary, wisdom is permanent.
Wisdom ain't a virtue I ever aspired to.
Clear thinking at the wrong moment can stifle creativity.
We are here and it is now. Further than that, all human knowledge is moonshine.
Only ignorance excuses stupidity
It takes a lot of rehearsing for a man to be himself.
It seems wisest to assume the worst from the beginning...and let anything better come as a surprise.
For your past, for your flaws, and ultimately for your stress
Even if you are alone you wage war with yourself.
Wise men are not pacifists
Know you not that a good man does nothing for appearance sake, but for the sake of having done right?
Life moves very fast. It rushes from Heaven to Hell in a matter of seconds.
More people would learn from their mistakes if they weren't so busy denying them
Affliction is often that thing which prepares an ordinary person for some sort of an extraordinary destiny.
Wisdom is the oneness of mind that guides and permeates all things.
With age comes wisdom, but sometimes age comes alone.
A birth-date is a reminder to celebrate the life as well as to update the life.
Entreat me not to leave thee, or to return from following after thee: For wither thou goest, I will go
A breeze, a forgotten summer, a smile, all can fit into a storefront window.
Perhaps a man really dies when his brain stops, when he loses the power to take in a new idea.
If you argue and rankle and contradict, you may achieve a victory sometimes
The moon is the reflection of your heart and moonlight is the twinkle of your love.
It takes a wise man to discover a wise man.
Burnout is nature's way of telling you, you've been going through the motions your soul has departed
The heart that gives, gathers.
Every minute you spend in planning saves 10 minutes in execution
Veganism is not a "sacrifice." It is a joy.
The immature think that knowledge and action are different, but the wise see them as the same.
Take the matter as you find it ask no questions, utter no remonstrances
Sometimes, the simple things are more fun and meaningful than all the banquets in the world ...
You are not what you are
We never know the worth of water till the well is dry.
Never forget that you are not in the world
I've been the oldest child since before you were born
All you can do is make your decisions based on what you know now.
Errors do not cease to be errors simply because they’re ratified into law.
We must not think of the things we could do with, but only of the things that we can't do without.
Its important to be comfortable with uncertainty.
اصحاب العقول الواقفة عند حرفية النص-قرانا وسنة- كثيرا ما تفلت منهم المقاصد والمنافع فيمشون على وجوههم
There is no such uncertainty as a sure thing.
People ought to fight to keep their law as to defend the citys walls.
Today the greatest single source of wealth is between your ears.
I had given up some youth for knowledge, but my gain was more valuable than the loss
The noble man is chiefly concerned with wisdom and friendship
One hand I extend into myself, the other toward others.
The operation of the Church is entirely set up for the sinner
Jewels can be replaced, cousin. Independence, once lost, cannot.
Intelligence is more important than strength, that is why earth is ruled by men and not by animals.
truth, like gold, is to be obtained not by its growth, but by washing away from it all that is not gold.
You are what you believe in. You become that which you believe you can become
To acquire knowledge, one must study
God isn't the son of Memory
I believe it is the mark of a great leader to question the decisions that came before him.
It takes too much energy to be against something unless it's really important. 
Be wise today so you don't cry tomorrow.
Never question another man's motive. His wisdom, yes, but not his motives.
To assess the quality of thoughts of people, don't listen to their words, but watch their actions.
I am so wise I had my mouth sewn shut.
To make no mistakes is not in the power of man
Wise men profit more by fools than fools by wise men.
Men talk of killing time, while time quietly kills them.
I don't trust men everybody likes. Being nice isn't the same as being good.
While differing widely in the various little bits we know, in our infinite ignorance we are all equal.
Nothing and no one is perfect. It just takes a good eye to find those hidden imperfections.
Without feelings of respect, what is there to distinguish men from beasts?
Never underestimate your power to change yourself
Our power lies in our small daily choices, one after another, to create eternal ripples of a life well lived.
Lady Wisdom will be your close friend
No problem can be solved from the same level of consciousness that created it.
I drink cup of sunlight every morning to brighten myself.
The most complicated skill is to be simple.
Obstacles are those frightening things you see when you take you eyes off your goal.
If you wake up tired, you’ve been chasing dreams. If you go to bed tired, your making your dreams happen.
If you are neutral in situations of injustice, you have chosen the side of the oppressor.
Non-violence, which is the quality of the heart, cannot come by an appeal to the brain.
Fashion and music are the same, because music express its period too.
Happiness is not a matter of intensity but of balance, order, rhythm and harmony.
he who will not economize will have to agonize
He who is more mindful of one, loses the love and the faith of both.
Age is a hell of a price to pay for wisdom
Good judgment comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgment.
It is not our right to punish one for thinking as he does, no matter how much we disagree.
Morality is the weakness of the mind.
The greatest wisdom consists in knowing one's own follies.
To hate others is ugly.To hate yourself is uglier.
The sun always shines above the clouds.
Common sense will nearly always stand you in better stead than a slavish adherence to the conventions.
At the end of the day, the questions we ask of ourselves determine the type of people that we will become.
The fates lead him who will
What good is power when you're too wise to use it?
أمران سيجعلانك أكثر حكمة...الكتب التى تقرؤها والأشخاص الذين تلتقى بهم.
Yoga is the cessation of the movements of the mind. Then there is abiding in the Seer's own form.
A clear vision, backed by definite plans, gives you a tremendous feeling of confidence and personal power.
Forget the place you're trying to get to and see the beauty in right now...
Old words are reborn with new faces.
Don't forget to love yourself.
It don't do you no nevermind to tell nobody nothing.
A knavish speech sleeps in a fool's ear.
Politeness is the first thing people lose once they get the power.
Education is beautification of the inner world and the outer world.
Behaviour is a mirror in which every one displays his own image.
Love is the wisdom of the fool and the folly of the wise. 
Resources are hired to give results, not reasons.
The individual appears for an instant, joins the community of thought, modifies it and dies
for a woman knows the face of the man she loves like a sailor knows the open sea
I've learned .... That opportunities are never lost
Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit.
It doesn't matter if the water is cold or warm if you're going to have to wade through it anyway.
Knowledge is marvelous, but wisdom is even better.
No one believes a liar even when he tells the truth
The future will be what it will, and fretting about it will only make your fears more likely to come true.
All explicit knowledge is translated knowledge, and all translation is imperfect.
The fox knows many things, but the hedgehog knows one big thing.
No matter how tiny you look, you can lead huge men if you have what the huge men don't have.
The human person finds his perfection "in seeking and loving what is true and good.
God existed before every religion
If there was any great lesson in life it was this: No battle was ever won with silence.
There's a divinity that shapes our ends,Rough-hew them how we will.
Wisdom is the daughter of experience
To know you are ignorant is the beginning of wisdom.
To risk life to save a smile on a face of a woman or a child is the secret of chivalry.
A wise person does at once, what a fool does at last. Both do the same thing
In presence of the moon nobody sees stars.
the best classroom in the world is at the feet of an elderly person.
من لم يتحرر من الاكراه في صورتيه: اكراه الاخر والخضوع للاخر، لايستطيع فهم هذا الدين وتمثيله
If one tries to navigate unknown waters one runs the risk of shipwreck
The pleasures arising from thinking and learning will make us think and learn all the more. 1153a 23
They blossomed, they did not talk about blossoming.
When did you get so clever?""When I realized I wasn't as clever as I thought.
…a man should say to his soul every morning, "God has given thee twenty-four treasures
We're on the same boat but in different cabin
Ask not of things to shed their veils. Unveil yourselves, and things will be unveiled.
Intelligence alone is not nearly enough when it comes to acting wisely.
Everybody’s gotta learn, nobody’s born knowing.
Old men tend to forget what thought was like in their youth
Be first the master of yourself
The use of sea and air is common to all
In a dark time, the eye begins to see.
Suffering teaches joy.
Brave? Or stupid?"Roger shrugged. "I've never been quite sure where brave stopped and stupid began, myself.
Clichés can be quite fun. That's how they got to be clichés.
After the final no there comes a yes / And on that yes the future world depends.
You must become the producer, director and actor in the unfolding story of your life.
Do not feel sad for your tears as rocks never regret the waterfalls
What a lover’s heart knows let no man’s brain dispute.
A prophet is not someone with special visions, just someone blind to most of what others see
Never say anything about yourself you don't want to come true
A good traveler leaves no tracks. Good speech lacks fault-finding.
How many people you bless is how you measure success
After all Death is a Symbol that there was Life.
Develop the winning edge
Healey’s First Law Of Holes: When in one, stop digging.
Seek to learn constantly while you live
I know and share the many sorrows a human being can experience, but I do not cling to them
Religion, too, is a weapon. What manner of weapon is religion when it becomes the government?
Life's managed, not cured. 
Routine feeds the illusion of safety...
The most wonderful and the strongest things in the world, you know, are just the things which no one can see.
He's acting as foolish as a kitten... but then, everyone's entitled to a little foolishness once in a while.
At times anger will trigger harsh words. After a cooling period wisdom sets in
The essence of wisdom is to know when to be doing, and when it's useless even to try
Wisdom is the recovery of innocence at the far end of experience.
We never realize just how many other lives we can help when their paths cross our own.
You cannot hinder someone’s free will, that’s the first law of the Universe, no matter what the decision.
It is man's unique privilege, among all other organisms. By pursuing falsehood you will arrive at the truth!
The least strained and most natural ways of the soul are the most beautiful
We make the biggest mistakes when we think we have nothing to lose.
Never be afraid of having an enemy, be afraid of not doing your ideals right.
If we cannot organize our forces, others will make our destiny.
Remember, purpose is about giving...All you can do with your life is to give it away in the service of others.
Sayings of the ProphetTrust: Trust in God – but tie your camel first.
Happiness will grow if you plant the seeds of love in the garden of hope with compassion and care.
If you have lost your pride, go to the mountains, and if you are tired of war, go to the sea.
A teacher can transform a country with his behavior and speech.
The best teacher of a master is his student.
A unskilled teacher can confuse his students for lifetime.
Knowing the value of a master is not an art, it is a duty and a necessity.
Let us not humiliate ourselves, let us truly know our worth.
Sometimes we can only speak with silence.
Speech without proof is an exaggeration.
He who does not accept advice gets caught very quickly.
Teaching is love and passion. Such a position should never fall into the wrong hands.
Know yourself and be proud of it.
What is the difference between a man who cannot change himself and a stone?
Say nice and lovely words, because they will become our face in the minds of others.
The most unforgettable lessons we have learned are the ones we have suffered the most to achieve.
Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.
You never know what is enough unless you know what is more than enough.
Purity of heart is what enables us to see.
The next best thing to being wise oneself is to live in a circle of those who are.
Learning isn't acquiring knowledge so much as it is trimming information that has already been acquired.
...ducks and geese are foolish things, and must be looked after, but girls can take care of themselves.
It is easy to be wise after the event.
Pure words and love do not work for people with an evil nature.
Life begins with being, and ends with Becoming.
Don't be afraid of the end, because every end has a beginning.
Find wise elders and learn from their experiences.
Know well what leads you forward and what holds you back, and choose the path that leads to wisdom.
The words of the wise make our thoughts steel.
For, in life, it is in the darkest zones one finds the brightest beauty and the most luminous wisdom.
Knowing others is wisdom. Knowing yourself is Enlightenment. - Lao-Tzu
Wisdom. . .is knowing what you have to accept.
You need mountains, long staircases don't make good hikers.
The more you look into and understand yourself, the less judgmental you become towards others.
Everyone's allowed to be in love with the wrong person at some point. In fact, it's a mistake not to be.
The topic of compassion is not at all religious business
There are two paths of which one may choose in the walk of life
We don't receive wisdom we must discover it for ourselves.
Do not devalue freedom with suffixes and prefixes.
There is no point in living with imprisoned and rejected people.
Developed or developing countries have myths (heroes) alive, and backward countries have myths dead or fables.
Freedom is not just for us.
The bloody feathers of the worthy are the face and voice of the freedom of the future people.
The bright tomorrow is not seen through the dark window of fear.
The wise have a calm mind and a heart full of kindness.
Freedom, without self-sacrifice, is inefficient and powerless.
Freedom has not been offered to any land. To have freedom, you have to deserve it.
Freedom of expression eventually eliminates corruption and leads to the growth of a land.
Freedom is a leading culture for progress and development.
Respect the freedom of all.
Freedom is an intertwined and macro process that requires the support of all the people of a land to emerge.
The tree of freedom does not take root without public belief and support.
Mortality is the face of people who do not believe in their own power and essence.
Where ignorance lurks, so too do the frontiers of discovery and imagination
All my problems bow before my stubbornness.
In life, the hardest decisions often have to be made more than once. But each time, it gets easier.
The best way to see Faith is to shut the eye of Reason.
learn from the past live in the present plan for the future
Turn your face toward the sun and the shadows will fall behind you.
Freedom is not a ransom for the people, but its their right and possession.
Fear of the LORD is the beginning of knowledge. Only Fools despise wisdom and discipline." Proverbs 1:7 NLT
The happiness of a land cannot be created without freedom.
Those who call freedom sexual immorality, are sick.
Be beautiful if you can, wise if you want to, but be respected - that is essential.
Only free and informed people can build a great and powerful government.
Kindness and friendship will last in the land of libertarians.
All the people of a land must be the leaders of freedom and libertarianism.
incapable and despicable people beg for freedom.
Someone who seeks freedom does not open the gate of prison for other thoughts.
Even death is not the end for a captive bird.
Give me the facts and I will determine my own truths.
The most essential prerequisite to understanding is to be able to admit when you don't understand something
I observe and remain silent.
To know when to be generous and when firm—that is wisdom.
Misfortunes make us wise
It is because of its emptiness that the cup is useful.
To pursue wisdom is to live in such a way that one is prepared to face death when it comes. (247)
Don't assume the world evolved in the order in which you discovered it.
Most people know nothing about learning
You will meet many opponents in your time that will come face to face with your flaws, trust the chaos ~ pain 
All knowledge meets an end at the question '...Why?
Freedom needs to be maintained and guarded.
Sacrifice for freedom is the temperament of the great and the immortals.
I do not expect old heads on young shoulders.
Are we being good ancestors?
Democracy is meaningless without free media.
Pure patriots are those who sacrifice and strive for the prosperity and freedom of the homeland.
The land is developing with self-sacrificing and freedom-loving people.
Only democracy will enhance the social knowledge of the people.
Democracy is a wise and life-giving matter.
Democracy without free political parties is nothing but fantasy.
Free elections are the only way to perpetuate a political dynasty.
Elections are not a place for jugglery of bureaucrats.
Election humiliators are fundamentally hostile to it.
Political parties should nominate candidates who will not embarrass them in the future.
Success equals goals
Homeland belongs to all people of a country, with any color, race and language ...
Freedom must be the greatest public demand.
May the land be free from the existence of dictators and anti-libertarians.
Without freedom, culture will burn.
The fearlessness of the herd is in the shepherd's awakening.
Human history has shown that if we do not demand freedom, no one will give it to us.
Be free-spirited. We can have our own point of view. We can even agree with each other's opposing views!
Proper and constructive elections are the first medicine for a country's pain.
Free elections are not the enemy of any popular belief.
True and freedom-loving youth are the glory of human resurrections.
Tell no man anything, for no man listensYet hold thy lips ready to speak.
The weakest of all weak things is a virtue which has not been tested in the fire.
It does not take much to make us realize what fools we are, but the little it takes is long in coming.
Night is certainly more novel and less profane than day.
Forget the years, forget distinctions. Leap into the boundless and make it your home!
When you come to see you are not as wise today as you thought you were yesterday, you are wiser today.
It is a common sentence that knowledge is power
Our wisdom comes from our experience,and our experience comes from our foolishness.
Men must endureTheir going hence, even as their coming hither.Ripeness is all.
Once a wolf, always a wolf.
Before, you are wise
Money isn't the solution to your problems. It only lets you carry your unhappiness around in style.
Perhaps the hardest lesson to learn is not to be attached to the results of your actions.
Every concept of reality is all in our head, belief is what makes truth.
Trying too hard to be too good, even when trying to be bad, is too good for the bad, too bad for the good.
I feared my own kind more than anything the natural world could ever threaten me with.
cultured parents give their humanity to their child.
No purpose should set humanity on fire.
The best gift a parent can give their child is to teach them literature and humanity.
Perhaps there is supranatural: reason beyond the normal definitions of fact or data-based logic
They grew
Wisdom tends to grow in proportion to one's awareness of one's ignorance.
Never pause unless you have a reason for it, but when you pause, pause as long as you can.
You not only are hunted by others, you unknowingly hunt yourself.
Pull the string and it will follow wherever you wish. Push it, and it will go nowhere at all.
There is no competition of sounds between a nightingale and a violin.
Wisdom says we are nothing. Love says we are everything. Between these two our life flows.
Losing an illusion makes you wiser than finding a truth. 
There are questions I'm still not wise enough to answer, just wise enough to no longer ask.
Patriots are libertarians and prosperous, not murderers ...
Libertarianism and humanity should be the most prominent human temperament.
We are losing the ability to understand anything that's even vaguely complex.
Be a worthy worker and work will come.
Suffering is a gift. In it is hidden mercy.
Journeys end in lovers meeting, Every wise man's son doth know.
Wise men talk because they have something to say
It is the destiny of the weak to be devoured by the strong.
Words rich in meaning can be cheap in sound effects.
انني احترم حق كل انسان في ان يؤمن بما يعتقد انه الصواب، وانتظر أن أعامل بالمثل.
Where lowland is, that's where water goes. All medicine wants is pain to cure.
Where we fall are the stepping-stones for our journey.
The ethos of redemption is realied in self-mastery, by means of temperance, that is, continence of desires.
A day unemployed is like a bagel- even when it's bad, it's still pretty good...
why can't we control our anger? because we love perfection. make a little room for imperfection in our lives.
But what minutes! Count them by sensation, and not by calendars, and each moment is a day.
People talk to old people like they're children.'Oh you're very old aren't you?' Yeah I'm old. I'm not stupid.
Life is not long, and too much of it must not pass in idle deliberation how it shall be spent. 
All pain is the same.
Great losses are great lessons.
If you rest, you rust.
Whatever you want to be in life, you're training for it right now.
We tend to live up to our expectations.
People have boldness to criticize but not to sensitize.
The key to wisdom is doubt!
Nobody is wired wrong, because there’s no wrong and right in the way we are.
The most dangerous irony is, people are angry with others because of their own incompetence.
Foolishness sleeps soundly, while knowledge turns with each thinking hour, longing for the dawn of answers.
Incredibly intelligent people always seem odd to those who are not as sharp.
Empathy nurtures wisdom. Apathy cultivates ignorance.
Do not seek water, get thirst.
The most beautiful thing in the world is a heart that is changing.
Happiness is never there to stay [...] Happiness is merely a respite offered by inquietude.
The only way to move from your reality to God’s reality is through people who love you.
Dubium sapientiae initium (Doubt is the origin of wisdom).
Act as if it was, and it will be.
How quiet the writing, how noisy the printing.
Great ideas emerges from useless fragments of thoughts.
Never read a book through merely because you have begun it.
He knows he will be born again, And start fresh anew.
Don't believe everything you think. Thoughts are just that - thoughts.
The brightest light casts the darkest shadow.
I listen with attention to the judgment of all men
some winterswill never meltsome summerswill never freezeand some things will only... live in poems.
there is only one way under high heaven to get the best of an argument - and that is to avoid it .
Talk is free but the wise man chooses when to spend his words.
Go slowly, so that you do not bite your tail by accident.
Love begets wisdom, thus it is, as often misconceived, more than vain layers of tenderness
Wisdom is justified by all her children.Luke 7:35
Cricket Bell.” I smiled into my phone. “How did you get so wise?
Take care of your costume and your confidence will take care of itself.
The job of feets is walking, but their hobby is dancing.
The possibility of the dream gives strength.
Progress is a natural result of staying focused on the process of doing anything.
Live Free or Die
the woman is rain,and when she falls,she is a monsoon.to love her is to drown.
There is too much negativity in the world. Do your best to make sure you aren't contributing to it.
It's not enough to be nice in life. You've got to have nerve.
The one who would be constant in happiness must frequently change.
When people want to be liked for what they did, they should stop.
A moment of consideration often prevents a thousand apologies
It is only possible to live happily ever after on a daily basis.
Ethical veganism represents a commitment to nonviolence.
Kehidupan lebih nyata daripada pendapat siapapun tentang kenyataan.
Listen. Pay attention. Treasure every moment.
You are happy when you are enthusiastic and action-oriented, not when you are luxury and pleasure oriented.
Knowledge is like an endless resource
Balt Van Tassel was an easy indulgent soul
From whichever side I start, I think I am in an old place where others have been before me.
He is beginning to master wisdom when he tries to learn how not to try.
Teaching others, he corrected himself.
When people say "If I only knew then what I know now" makes me wonder why they aren't using that wisdom now.
Your life is not a simulation
I receive Thee ransom of my soul. For love of Thee have I studied and kept vigil toiled preached and taught…
Bloom to the fullest along the cutting edges of life.
Summer grasses,All that remainsOf soldiers' dreams
A sign of a lover of wisdom is his delight in not running his mouth about things he doesn't know.
The best kind of happiness is a habit you're passionate about.
It requires wisdom to understand wisdom: the music is nothing if the audience is deaf.
It is not what he has, nor even what he does, which directly expresses the worth of a man, but what he is.
Reading is at the threshold of the spiritual life
The failure mode of clever is “asshole.
Many's the man/ who thought himself wise/ but what he needed/ he did not know...
What you see is what you see
Everyone has a plan until they get punched in the face.
Every generation needs a new revolution.
As soon as anger knocks at one’s door, wisdom prepares to leave.
If you only do what you can do, you will never be more than you are now.
I am well practiced in avoidance and indifference though the hollowness in my soul resents her absence
Windmill or no windmill, he said, life would go on as it had always gone on--that is, badly.
To believe yourself brave is to be brave
What do we any of us have but our illusions? And what do we ask of others but that we be allowed to keep them?
Just remember this, my girl, when you look up in the sky you can see the stars and still not see the light.
Those who try to juggle wisdom, power and greed, drop one of the balls, every time.”—Zarost
For this is Wisdom
Superficiality is the curse of the modern world.
Our moments of inspiration are not lost though we have no particular poem to show for them
Childbirth is normal until proven otherwise.
Cheapen words and they'll cheapen you
Wind is renewable. Turbines are not.
Cieszy mię ten rym: „Polak mądr po szkodzie”
There's no greater show on earth than observing human nature
Darling, has not the count just told us that all human wisdom is summed up in two words? Wait and hope.
Ideas are the source of all things
Sometimes we have to soak ourselves in the tears and fears of the past to water our future gardens.
Histories make men wise
Heavenly bodies are nests of invisible birds.
People love answers, but only as long as they are the ones who came up with them.
To come to nothing through something is the way to outside from both sides.
We all have scars, Mia
A house divided cannot stand.
Faith keeps our ships moving, while empathy and the memories of our experiences lead to wisdom.
A friend is a friend who continues to love you and like you when you don't love him or like him any more.
A smiling lie is a whirlwind, easy to enter, but hard to escape.
Life changes us. To wish otherwise is pointless.
Never stop acquiring the commonsense, it is as good as the knowledge.
The Wise are Superb Observers of Nature and Rise Superior to the Blows of Fortune
Life is not a competition. No one has to lose for someone else to win. A true blessing blesses everyone.
Sound unbound by nature becomes bounded by art.
People tend to complicate their own lives, as if living isn't complicated enough
Wonder is the beginning of wisdom in learning from books as well as from nature.
We must not only obtain Wisdom: we must enjoy her.
Oh, come with old Khayyàm, and leave the Wise To talk
All worries are less with wine.
Cheap booze is a false economy.
The Shaod, it was called. The Transformation... When it came, the fortuante person's life ended and began anew
Soft feathers cannot make a cruel bird kind
It's the truth, even if it didn't happen......if they don't exist, how can a man see them?
Wisdom is knowing what to do next
If love goes too far, it turns into cruelty.
Music shouldn't be just a tune, it should be a touch.
life reveals that which we may never have guessed, that some people are so undeserving of us.
Follow your heart, listen to your inner voice, stop caring what others think.
That is how we become wise, by living each day attending to the lessons God puts in our path.
Beginnings are such delicate times.
And don’t forget: Elvendork! It’s unisex!
you can measure the size of a person by what makes him or her angry
he who is greedy is always in want
The intelligent have plans
If lightning is the anger of the gods, then the gods are concerned mostly about trees.
we have to live today by what truth we can get today and be ready tomorrow to call it falsehood
Wisdom cannot be stolen - it can only be shared.
Everything that looks too perfect is too perfect to be perfect.
If Peter Pan had been real, he would've gone mad and killed everyone in Neverland.
Color is the overpowering of black
Let discernment be your trustee, and mistakes your teacher.
Wisdom comes alone through suffering.
FOCUS = Follow On Course Until Successful.
Since living is believing, no one can be completely lacking in faith.
Wisdom mitigates the risk of being honest.
He had an answer to almost everything and he retired at an early age.
You have to be ill if you want to get better.
Humans will never be in charge of this world, as long as dust and weeds do as they please.
No people who are ignorant can be truly free.
Not what happens to youBut how you accept itIs of paramount importance.
Losers sulk
I have said: "Blow out the lamp! Day is here!" And you keep saying: "Give me a lamp so I can find the day.
For the newborn and wise, everything begins small.
I said, but I have to go, there are so many places calling my name.
Once is never. Twice is always.
لقد أضاء الصبح لذى عينين
For Reason, ruling alone, is a force confining
Who knoweth if to die be but to live, and that called life by mortals be but death?
Once you reject fear, you will become the perfect candidate to receive and reflect Truth.
Accept yourself, love yourself, and keep moving forward.
We make Idols of our concepts, but Wisdom is born of wonder
It's impossible to walk through solid rock... You have to walk between the molecules that make up the rock.
Fighting in the name of freedom has too high a price," Merlin sighed as he leaned into his mother's arms.
Wisdom does not make me full. It fills me with hunger.
Fear is a state of nervousness only fit for children
The life we’re given is on a thread, so wear it well.
A WORD TO THE WISELet the world pass in its time-ridden race
Without living, how can you know? Without knowing, how can you speak?
Oh dear Sunday, I am so happy that I want your entire wisdom at my dinner table.
If you allow coldness to engulf you before winter, season is helpless to help you.
Why is it that we don’t worry about a compass until we’re lost in a wilderness of our own making?
It's a tragic that we recognized our self worth from external validation.
But by the grace of God I am what I am: and his grace which was bestowed upon me was not in vain
Despite its dark veins, the transparency of dragonfly’s wings assures me of a pure, innocent world
Disappointment has quite a penchant for taking one by surprise.
Because you’re a creation of God, you reflect the Divine qualities of creativity, wisdom, and love.
God judges men from the inside out
Worry is a down payment on a problem you may never have
Time is the wisest of all things that are
Leave no stone unturned.
I tended to hate people that hit me in the head without warning.
That is why enemies can be great motivators. They serve as fuel for your fire.
For years I've been searching for a homeland, finally I found it in you..
Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of man.
Clear nights are sometimes the coldest.
A person of little knowledge Grows old as a plough-ox grows old.His fleshes increases
To jump over centuries In one step is impossible. Jump too high or far, You’ll be way too late.
It's other people who make us wise, and I haven't known nearly enough.
Man masters nature not by force, but by understanding
The most talented people are always the nicest.
Wise men speak only of what they know
So do flux and reflux--the rhythm of change--alternate and persist in everything under the sky.
Stupidity and wisdom meet in the same centre of sentiment and resolution, in the suffering of human accidents.
Tis easier to suppress the first desire than to satisfy all that follow it.
Don't be cool. Like everything.
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.
Be generous with your smile and try not to frown.And you will see my children
No mortal man has ever served at the same time his passions and his best interests.
The work goes on, the cause endures, the hope still lives and the dreams shall never die.
You are going to find that buying the car is much less satisfying than working for it.
People as a rule do mean much more than they understand.
 When you love you give meaning to this world. 
Quote words that affirmall men and women are yourbrothers and sisters.
The only thing more dangerous than ignorance is the pretense of intelligent ignorance. The former is teachable
A moment’s beginning ends in a moment
Dream by making and make by dreaming.
The night is still waiting.
When I stopped to take a breath, I noticed I had wings.
Raise a smile and lower stress
Marriage is not kick-boxing, it's salsa dancing.
Those whodisrespect youwith their mouthdon't deserveyour ear.
Self-education is lifelong curiosity.
It is better to listen to a crow that lives in trees than to a learned man who lives only in ideas.
No plaque reminds the passer-by of these glories, although there should be one
It’s not easy to write a poem about a poem.
Experience is never at bargain price.
Thieves and liars kill indirectly, unintentionally, and with no other weapon than their tongues and malice.
A farmer is a magician who produces money from the mud.
End of a matter is better than its beginning
Fools, their wisdom weak,are their own enemiesas they go through life,doing evilthat bearsbitter fruit.
يجب أن يكون الانسان حكيما باعتدال ولكن ليس مفرط الحكمة حتى لا يعرف قدره مسبقا
Don’t overact the story of your name. Overact the story of your work.
Look no farther than your hand,Make a choice and take a stand.
Feet sandaled with dreams tread paths of vision leading to wisdom’s sharp peaks.
As long as you know who you are, and see what makes you happy, it doesn't matte how others see you
Stories last longer: but only by becoming only stories.
When it comes to life and love, why do we believe our worst reviews?
Just be honest with yourself. That opens the door.
That which is impermanent attracts compassion. That which is not provides wisdom. (116)
There are many things in the deep waters
Peace is not an easy prospect--it requires greater bravery than does conflict.
You shouldn't imagine things that you haven't a shred of proof happened...
It's only hard until it becomes easy.
Don’t cry and don’t rage. Understand.
They [Nazi captors]had more liberty, more options to choose from in their environment
Do you know where your breakthrough begins? Your breakthrough begins where your excuses ends.
Father has a strengthening character like the sun and mother has a soothing temper like the moon.
Sometimes life requires more of you than you have to give 
I am not the river I am the net.
Integrity is the lifeblood of democracy.Deceit is a poison in its veins.
You don't trade in the devil you know for the one you don't know.
Compassion for others is a mark of wisdom.
Going down in history is a dead end pursuit
You attract poverty when you lack value for time
Quand on parle des vices d’un homme, si on vous dit : “Tout le monde le dit” ne le croyez pas 
We have all grown wiser.
I am in the world to change the world
I had to follow the ineradicable foolishness which furnishes the steps to true wisdom.
There is no greater power than the one others do not believe you possess.
The smaller the creature, the bolder its spirit.
The easiest way to be reborn is to live and feel life everyday
Love' is the only weapon I have, I will defend with love, I will attack with love.
He who knows he is a fool is not the biggest fool
Share your love, share you happiness, care for others
The secret of happiness is love and secret of love is nonjudgmental care.
It is not really hard to do nothing. Many can. The hard part is doing nothing without feeling guilty about it.
See with the eyes of love and a thing becomes beautiful. See with the eyes of hate and things are ugly.
The wise never doubt. The Humane never worry. The brave never fear.
Definitions from Mulla Do-PiazaA fool:	A man trying to be honest with the dishonest.
While wisdom dictates the need for education, education does not necessarily make one wise.
Those who do not think bout the future cannot have one.
Some people would rather be right than free.
Never say no to now
But if they had learned anything together, it was that wisdom comes to us when it can no longer do any good.
It is not enough to show how clever we are by showing how obscure everything is".
Love between man and woman cannot be built without sacrifices and self-denial.
Stuff your brain with knowledge.
originality and a feeling of one's own dignity are achieved only through work and struggle.
all appears to change when we change
The only way you would have failed," she said, "is if you had.
Saying 'I could have done more,' Zin, is what marks a man as a man and not a God.
You don't always need to know your destination when you set out on a journey.
Physical strength doesn't mean a damn thing when you're all cut up and bleeding inside. 
Poetry and art nourish the soul of the world with the flavor-filled substances of beauty, wisdom and truth.
For a game, you don’t need a teacher.
Understand that nothing happensunless it is God's will anddo what you like.What can be simpler than that?
We're on a planet, relax!
It's not him who's disturbed. But he likes to disturb others--to shake them out of their rut.
Snobbery might sometimes look cool, like smoking, but the end result is usually a repelling one.
Don't be bashful
Creativity thrives where its roots are crowded.
When you feel life at crossroads,you need higher perspective view.
Thirty-nine years of my life had passed before I understood that clouds were not my enemy
We may think we live for wisdom, but in fact we're living for the the pleasure wisdom brings us.
For a while the hobbits continued to talk and think of the past journey and of the perils that lay ahead
ان الناس لاتعرف ان كتابا واحدا كفيل بان يغير مجرى حياة الانسان.
The fox has many tricks. The hedgehog has but one, but that is the best of all.
Only wise men look for new wisdom.
Ego is recessive in wisdom.
The ethos of redemption is realized in self-mastery, by means of temperance, that is, continence of desires.
I would much rather be considered wise than smart. But, I still think it is wise to get an education.
If you're going to hit a car, try to be sure that it's not a cop car
Don't kill me because I'm gay,pray for me for it is God who created me.
There's kind of wisdom that must be firstly rejected before accepted.
Life must be much more evident when one is always suffering.
Knowledge is a Bed of Roses
If there is a wasp in the room, I’d like to be able to see it.
Oh, don't be so wise and stupid.
Hundreds of wise men cannot make the world a heaven, but one idiot is enough to turn it into a hell.
You can'tstop dreamingjust becausethe night neverseems toend.
There is a power in nature that man has ignored. And the result has been heartache and pain.
Collaboration has no hierarchy. The Sun collaborates with soil to bring flowers on the earth.
A King will have his way in his own hall, be it folly or wisdom.
Wisdom is when you understand what, previously, at best you only knew.
Health is hearty, health is harmony, health is happiness.
Without attachment, a naked body is merely a lifeless sex-toy.
Mixing old wine with new wine is stupidity, but mixing old wisdom with new wisdom is maturity.
The decision is your own voice, an opinion is the echo of someone else's voice.
Common man's patience will bring him more happiness than common man's power.
Faith in God is optional, but faith in the self – in the spirit within, is imperative.
Don't let him take who you are. Make him fear who you'll become.
If you can't impress them with your argument, impress them with your actions.
Let peace be. Let life be.
Real greatness does not reside inside those who feel large. The truly wise are meek.
Intelligence and wisdom are certainly compatible, however they are rarely seen in each other’s company.
Gifts become curses when they’re not given their due respect.
The only cure to all this madness
The most unlucky generation is the one which couldn't produce a hero to look upto.
One day we will all wear a garment which has no pockets...
Perhaps my greatest wisdom is the knowledge that I do not know.
No matter how many men you kill, you can't kill your successor.
The way into the hall of success always passes through the chamber of decision. Decide to be a success
Entertainment is temporary happiness, but the real happiness is permanent entertainment.
Love is my inner strength and my power.
I am not one who was born with great wisdom. I love the ancients and diligently seek wisdom among them.
Killing a cruelty is not a cruelty.
Let people be the pursuits of happiness, you be the pursuit of perfection.
One must not make too much of anything in life, good or bad.
Truth may be stranger than fiction, but fiction is truer.
Let your passion and courage swell in you until you can no longer be contained by fear.
Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.
Let them see thattheir words can cut you, and you’ll never be free of the mockery
Did you know that using social media can actually help you to increase your level of thinking?
Compromise, if not the spice of life, is its solidity. It is what makes nations great and marriages happy
Do things for people not because of who they are or what they do in return, but because of who you are
In friendship, bond not with a shallow man.
You can bail water 24/7, and no matter how good you are at not sinking, you still have a hole in your boat.
The good and wise lead quite lives
Creating a better futureRequires creativity in the present.
When your tears become invisible, disappear
فكر قبل أن تتكلم، واقرأ قبل أن تفكر
The job of a writer is not to convey emotion but to invoke it.
And remember that within every lie, there is a truth hidden. Know the truth to defeat the lie.
You can always tell the heart of man by what he do, and by what he don't do...
The more details, depth and thought you put into your ideas the more valuable they become.
Being aware is being aware of one's own mind and the games it plays on itself.
Free your mind from routine, keep your brain somewhere else
Knowledge 
Never let your uniqueness be compromised
Even a God finds it hard to love and be wise at the same time.
I learned from Jurassic Park that just because you can do something doesn’t mean you should.
Never trust anyone Daniel, especially the people you admire
Make your ideal your new real.
Opportunity is swift of flight but slow to return.
Pride, cowardice, and miserliness are bad for me but good for women
you need power only to do something harmful.otherwise love is enough,compassion is enough.
Follow your heart, Ithilnin," Albirich repeated. "Time is precious. Don't waste it living someone else's life.
respect life,revere life.there is nothing more holy than life,nothing more divine than life.
Love, as life, is a journey. Finding true love for the ever after is an amazing achievement.
From the cradle to the grave, joy and pain is the fertilizer for wisdom.
I think your vision gets better as you get older.
There’s a Chinese proverb that says “Wisdom is avoiding all thoughts that weaken you 
I don't believe in worrying. It's a waste of energy.
When the road ahead seems impossible, start the engine
Who was to know what went on in a person's heart? A wise woman kept her own counsel.
one should never assume anything
A guilty conscience is jealousy's playground.
Women were created gullible. It they weren't no babies would be born.
The brillant person who does not take heed is the same as the ignorant who does not know.
Are you just gonna stare at Jack or are we gonna go?" Milo asked, poking his head into the bedroom.
The old continued to have one resurgence of foolishness after another, until the organism gave out altogether.
You might say that you've finally earned the wisdom.Actually, it's the wisdom that has found and formed you.
To live content with small means
Whoever is full of wisdom is naturally compassionate
In examinations the foolish ask questions that the wise cannot answer.
Whenever ego suffers from fear of death 
God teaches the soul by pains and obstacles, not by ideas.
When two wise men are blaming one another,then time has come for you to be the third one.
Be wise as a serpent and wary as a dove!
...freedom can be a full-time job if you let it.
Do not ever go out of yourself because you will get lost even from your life.
No shortcut to wisdom.No tollways to be wise.
Man will never reach the higher wisdom,If he can't yet accept the pain of change.
If the moment is everthing, then everything is time.
all brave men love
Insults sting but a little when they stem from a man's ignorance.
To deny the reality of things is to miss their reality
True beauty is measured by the number of pearls within you, not those around your neck.
[...] marriage is one thing, and love is another...You need to have a solid canvas
The measure of a man is his state of mind.
A primary requirement in every enterprise in habit-formation is self-confidence.
Give it air 
Whoever lost the truth has lost him/her self. 
Both the art of intuition and the science of analytics have the role to play in making wise decisions.
Two footsteps do not make a path.
To be beyond yourself is the gate to wisdom. 
If we deny the thirst of love, we stand to lose the last known address of the stranger whithin us. 
Luck, I believe, is where preparation meets opportunity.
Joblessness is a time for reflection
Usually people don't see beyond the surface of things and cannot understand more other than the obvious
Die Welt ist von Narren geschaffen, damit Weise in ihr Leben.
It's funny how the ugly duckling always has so many beautiful things to teach us.
If you have an opinion, and that opinion is weak, do not consider it wisdom.- Tiresias to Pentheus
A mother gives you a life, a mother-in-law gives you her life.
If I stress about a goal, I won't remember to find the way to get there.
Love is supposed to lift you up, not hold you down. It is supposed to push you forward, not hold you back.
Life is the only thing which can never be replaced when lost.
Love is being able to view a situation without adding duality to it.
I think that a lot of the time, people are generous towards those whom they pity
Never underestimate yourself when you do what is right. Never overestimate yourself when you do what is wrong.
We can't just restrict ourselves to what we know, because we are talking about the unknown.
Many things can prolong your life, but only wisdom can save it.
Just as the bird needs wings to fly, a leader needs useful information to flow. Leaders learn.
If thinking should precede acting, then acting must succeed thinking.
The art of decision making includes the art of questioning.
Be your friend’strue friend.Return gift for gift.Repay laughterwith laughter againbut betrayal with treachery.
We always need a motivation, in order for us to meet our full potential at work.
Decision making is an art only until the person understands the science.
Time throws you out of its dimensionless planar like a boomerang. It unites with you again in death.
Although history may therefore seem like a series of inevitable events, the actual future is seldom foreseen.
Silence at the proper season is wisdom, and better than any speech.
Ability, experience and books have solution for all the problems.
Our ancestors have invented, we can at least innovate.
You were not just blessed for yourself,your were blessed to be a blessing toothers.
Hold fast to dreams, for if dreams die, life is a broken-winged bird that cannot fly.
Wisdom must yield to superstition's rules,Who arms with bigot zeal the hand of fools.
If you change who you are to suit other people, you may end up dressed for the wrong occasion
Compromise brings harmony to both, happiness to none.
A spoon does not know the taste of soup, nor a learned fool the taste of wisdom.
To struggle against darkness is not to blunder ignorantly
Dirty or clean, crumpled or finely creased, you are still priceless to those who Love you.
Its not how strong you are, its how firm your footing is.
Feel not obliged to make good use of every ripe fruit on the vine.
One's rebuke engraves itself upon the mind more than one's praise.
It's simple, it's not that simple
A problem well put is half solved.
If you are what you eat, you are what you see and hear.
A soul that is kind and intends justice discovers more than any sophist
We think a wise person is someone who solves problems. Truth is, a wise person is someone who avoids problems.
Wisdom comes from reflection.
Love will never let you down, if you don't give it up
A fool can easily be known(identified) by what proceeds from his or her mouth.
Flattery is like cologne water, to be smelt of, not swallowed.
التحرر من المسؤولية آمام الآخر ليس حرية،ولكنه فرار من الحرية
You can change your mind, don't let your mind change you
When you can't get what you want, get what you need
Free thinker walks on shortcuts among wisdoms.
If your dreams are to hard to achieve, just achieve
Guys willing to hold your dick are a dime a dozen
A wise man is able to differentiate between humility and weakness, he does not mistake courage for pride.
A mind set in its ways is wasted. Don't do it.
Any serious social, political, and economic change must include veganism.
We shouldn't have been so scornful
Men grow tired of sleep, love, singing and dancing, sooner than war.
You cannot live a nonviolent life as long as you are consuming violence. Please consider going vegan.
Никога не съм позволявал на училището да попречи на образованието ми.
Lifes like a painters palette, just when you've got everything worked out the colours change
If we still advise we shall never do.
Science says the first word on everything, and the last word on nothing.
Sometimes the only way to succeed is to fail backwards
أحياناً نقود أنفسنا للطريق المهلك علماً بذلك .. ليس رغبة بالهلاك، بل أملاً بتغيير النتيجة
Human nature is all alike.
Giving is the only way of taking part
Those who have wisdom have all:Fools with all have nothing.
We are exactly where we have chosen to be.
To tell others thatIt is a rumor Will not do. When your own heart asks How will you respond?
We must accept the reality that the causes of impatience travel a two-way street.
It is a fool of a shepherd who culls his dogs.
The art of peaceful living comes down to living compassionately 
To advance spiritually requires a method of practice 
I would rather risk failure than achieve it without risk.
Patience is a natural consequence of the cultivation of compassion 
The dead to the grave, the living to the loaf.
the only graceful way to accept an insult is to ignore it
Let us be sure that the lady of our choice possesses certain tangible qualities that we admire
Silence will speakIf given an ear
It takes 43 muscles to frown and 3 to raise the middle finger.
If those at your top are weak, your bottom will be rotten
The essence of successful discipline is not technique
CAN is the enemy of DO.
Only be rebellious for good reasons.
Desire is the seed of potential.
... anyone can acquire wealth, the real art is giving it away.
Vessels large may venture more, But little boats should keep near shore.
I want a man who knows something about himself. And is appalled. And has to forgive himself to get along.
A wise person is like a smoothly polished rock: it takes time to become either.
Only those who row the boat make waves
O Lord, I am further away from me than from You!
We are often more treacherous through weakness than calculation
The best lessons learned are from other peoples mistakes.
...a blink of an eye in itself is nothing. But the eye that blinks, that is something.
Would that death were like this. Would that one would sleep and sleep and sleep forever.
That’s going to be your trouble — judgment about yourself.(Tender is the Night)
How can you be one of the stars of heaven, when the stars are innumerable? What star number do you have?
Can I tell from the twilight from which the world is built that I am a sunrise in this life?
Life is easy. We make it hard.
I'll not go where there is any of that sort of thing going on, again. It's the sure way, and the only sure way
Don’t become bigoted about bigots.
Emptiness is this world’s greatest discovery. Who has chosen this kind world for us and why?
Give love, take pride
Don’t try to visualize the great mass audience. There is no such audience—every reader is a different person.
There is no dishonor in wisdom.
In seeking wisdom thou art wise
You despise books
Even the best inborn potentialities for achievement do not render unnecessary patient and persistent practice.
There are occasions and causes, why and wherefore in all things.
We will never be more that we have been destined to be! 
Let the fear of danger be a spur to prevent it
... dançava para si mesmo, um homem nu entre cegos...
On se réconcilie avec un ennemi qui nous est inférieur pour les qualités du coeur ou de l'esprit 
 No one can surely know what knowledge is without the presence of truth.
 The absolute truth is one for an infinity of possible relative truths which lie. 
In every bush lies a nest. 
Huius (sapientis) opus unum est de divinis humanisque verum invenire
King Solomon's life reminds meof wisdom, wealth, women, woes.
Do your thoughts continue and repeat a cycle Seed, growth, bloom, and seed again
SAYING OF SHEIKH ZIAUDIN:Self-justification is worse than the original offence.
The more often a stupidity is repeated, the more it gets the appearance of wisdom.
Wenn man noch nicht das Leben kennt, wie sollte man den Tod kennen.
Wenn man noch nicht den Menschen dienen kann, wie sollte man den Geistern dienen können?
It is like this: Some people care deeply but they don't know how to say it
Everyone has a plan until they get punched in the mouth.
Show the youth the consequences of their actions and why they should choose wisely
A genuine smile is one of the world’s rarest treasures.
Use time to create the nature of God in yourself
I believe that this is the time to become warriors for peace and dialogue, not warmongers or mere worriers.
Misery builds character, happiness makes cheesecake.
Getting older is not an intellectually demanding process.
To the wise, peace of mind is the result of being fine with how things are
Knowing what to do with time is the key to being productive
If you read proverbs, you will find answers to every puzzle.
Happiness is heaven in human heart.
Ego is like cyanide. Instantly kills dialogue. Always needs to be kept satisfied.
Hasta la vista, baby.
In your name, the family name is at last because it's the family name that lasts.
Old people have wisdom but not energy
The question is: do you want suffering or do you want peace? It's that simple.
It’s all about reprogramming our minds to focus more on what brings us joy.
Wisdom is not increased by acquiring more information, but by increasing the capacity of seeing.
There is a knowledge that is beyond the mind and the intellect, it is the wisdom of consciousness.
Saying of the Prophet. The Bequest: I have nothing to leave you except my family.
The science of decision-making is to make sure there is an effective decision process in place.
To fully communicate with people, you need to find tactics that would interest them
No crime is a means to an end. No crime can be rationalized.
Confident Assured Posture: Foundation of Powerful Style
Every time we choose our past over our present we kill our future.
can't unscramble the egg no matter your wisdom and determination
Knowing what to do with time is the first step to take when you lose your job
To be productive, effective and to live a life of understanding and wisdom is not to waste time
You need to use the instrument that the people desire to captivate them back to things that are right
You cannot explore the universe if you think that you are the center of it.
Don't be so loyal to your mind
The only wisdom we can hope to acquireIs the wisdom of humility: humility is endless.
You have to understand yourself before you can understand anything else.
Love keeps no record of wrongs, but bitterness keeps detailed accounts.
If wine is the enemy of religion, I shall devour the enemy of religion.
Let the love of the moon kiss you good night, let the morning sun wake you up with loving light.
Avoid selling to dumb customers, there aren't enough left!
The function of a nutrient is to become transmuted, not to leave unaltered traces.
Haste is from the Devil.
O Heavenly Children, the stories you have concocted in God's name have angered Him
People keeps on complaining, but they're not doing anything about the things that they're complaining about.
First knowledge is the knowledge of God.
The results of knowledge without application results in nothing at all. Do what you know better to do.
Great achievement requires personal force, determined spirit and self-confidence.
We may regard certain days as free days. Free days are however fee days. We will pay later
Devotion to God, righteousness and wisdom, will keep us safe on earth.
If believing were simple, then this world wouldn’t be in the mess that it is today.
When you are posessed by evil spirits, it is crafty manipulations that you follow
Before this generation lose the wisdom, one advice - read books.
Good...if you've done things you aren't proud of. It means you have a conscience.
To theology, ... only what it holds sacred is true, whereas to philosophy, only what holds true is sacred.
In meetings philosophy might work,on the field practicality works.
Herein lies the supreme wisdom, human and divine
You should always listen to minotaurs. Anybody with four stomachs has to have a firm grip on reality.
There is no Jesus without Judas, no Martin Luther King, Jr., without the Klan
Growth comes from God, to those with surrendered, yielded hearts.
Knowledge unlocks the door to the mysteries of our mistakes
Knowledge is knowing the depth of the ocean. Wisdom is knowing till where to swim.
A Sufi will say – Everything is beautiful, even the dirt that clings beneath my feet.
A proof once established is better left so.
You must feed yourself the truth because the world is sure to serve you lies.
If everyone bows in front of your wisdom, your greatest wisdom will be to tell them not to bow!
អ្នកត្រូវតែជាអ្នកផ្លាស់ប្ដូរដែលអ្នកចង់ឃើញពិភពលោក។
It’s less a matter of looking the other way than of closing our eyes to what we can’t stop from happening.
hope is just a feeling...will is the real thing....
Never rebel for the sake of rebelling, but always rebel for the sake of truth.
... what you think is right isn't the same as knowing what is right.
The way you see people is the way you treat them and the way you treat them is what they become.
Даже и най-скъпият часовник има само 60 минути в час
It Hurts...It Kills...It Teaches...It Thrills...“IT” Is LIFE...!
In science, mistakes always precede the truth.
Leadership is all about caring, daring and sharing!Caring for people, Daring to Act fearlessly,
There is only one thing which is generally safe from plagiarism -- self-denial.
Travel Moulds A Man,People Mould His Wisdom And Experiences Mould His LIFE...!
Magic is a dangerous thing, child. It isn’t something to use lightly.
Keep secret things secret and they will serve you the better!
A people religiously right, will not long remain politically wrong.
Ако животните имаха разум, те също биха вършили глупости като хората.
Wisdom is indispensable in the fulfillment of purpose".
You can't always be right, but you can be wrong a lot less
if the important thing is not to win but to complete then was not punctual invented.
Gently guide the tender vine else it become wild, tangled and impossible.
Baxter knows a lot more than I do, I told her.Yes, said Baxter, but I will never tell people all of it.
A Guardian is only as strong as its Muse.
If you boil it down, just because someone else does the wrong thing we are not exempt from doing what’s right.
Dont brag about being perfect..imperfections are what makes you attractive..
A noble leader answers not to the trumpet calls of self promotion, but to the hushed whispers of necessity.
Your greatest responsibility is to live a life that nourishes your highest truth.
High above the noise and fear mongering of critics and cynics softly speaks your true self.
A wise teacher learns in the midst of teaching
...it is never safe to classify the souls of one's neighbors
There is no adversity that cannot bear a gift and no gift that cannot bring adversity.
It makes no sense to compare yourself with others because there will always be better 
Freedom flourishes upon the bedrock of ethics and integrity.
In the dark , everything is scary
Mastery is the breeding ground of fresh, creative passion.
Question everything, unless it's the answer
If she could no longer be called beautiful, she possessed something better-a knowledge of beauty
When the wisdom speaks, be quite and listen! When the stupidity speaks, stand up and leave!
On the road to wisdom, behave like a raven and observe everything carefully!
Create a wisdom and share it with others
Make your lives a masterpiece, you only get one canvas.
You never understand life until it grows inside of you.
If you succeed in judging yourself rightly, then you are indeed a man of true wisdom.
One of the greatest victories you can gain over someone is to beat him at politeness.
You are as much able as you know
Head knowledge is worthless, unless accompanied by submission of the will and right action.
Saat kita dibenci, itu berarti kita menonjol di antara yang lain.
When wiggling through a holethe world looks different thanwhen scrubbed clean by the wiggleand looking back.
Always blow your own trumpet, blowing someone else’s is unhygienic
[T]he wisdom of our ancestors is in the simile.
An unwise advisor cannot hope to advise wisely.
The things we hate about ourselves aren't more real than things we like about ourselves.
We losers don't fear death. For us it's the end of a lifelong losing spell.
If your dreams seem to be drifting away, wake up!
Kingsley nodded. 'Of course. Sophia always did say wisdom had to be earned.
Good man and bad man with money goes a long ways." ~ Amunhotep El Bey
الأشخاص العظام يناقشون الأفكار، والأشخاص العاديون يناقشون الأشياء، أما الأشخاص الصغار، فإنهم يناقشون الأشخاص.
Unless you want a horrible surprise, never go bird watching with an open mouth.
We shall live to die once more.
The worship of power is an old religion.
…one half of her should not be always so much wiser than the other half…
Peace can be found within, no matter the external circumstances.
Patience is supported 
With infinite wisdom and care your life is constantly sustained because Nature flows through you.
من ذا الذى يستطيع أن يفصح عن مكنون نفسه بمجرد الكلمات
If your treated like a puppet find a new ball of string
The only thing set in stone are dumb quotes and names of dead people. Everything else is subject to change.
Those who want to buy wisdom remain with out wisdom, because money buys nothing except commodities.
Забелязвам, че колкото по-здраво работя, толкова по-голям късмет имам.
I do, I am
Love is the divine Mother's arms
Television is for appearing on - not for looking at.
Vivid simplicity is the articulation, the nature of genius. Wisdom is greater than intelligence
Understanding the true nature of things, or seeing things as they really are, is the ground of wisdom.
One of the best ways to support the development of patience is to cultivate happiness with yourself.
Crafty men condemn studies
Of course, being brave does not mean running towards danger.
...you have to be godly to be wise ...
مخافة الرب رأس المعرفةأم 7:1
You have perhaps heard some false reportsOn the subject of God. He is not dead
You can know all there is to know about life and mankind, but what do you really know about yourself?
Kalau kau mulai menunda hal-hal yang ingin kau lakukan untuk hari lain, hari esok itu tak pernah datang
A man must...not be content to do things well, but must also aim to do them gracefully.
What distances can be explored without God?
I believed in the faith of faith without acknowledging his quality of being an absolute truth.
Each coil has the earthquake which created it, as every death has the life that gave birth to it.
Even a wise man knows doubt from time to time, it is the fool who allows it to rule his judgement.
人間の最大の武器は、習慣と信頼だ
You cannot insult a wise man with wisdom.
In not only the physical science, but in the real mental silence, the wisdom dawns. (75)
Fatherhood to us was an act of passion, soon forgot
 Is there anyone that knows the absolute truth? 
The meaning of the words is necessary and not their extent. 
 TO BE is life's dilemma while facing the eternity of death.
 Our entire life worth's less than one moment of the absolute's truth vanity. 
 We are beings only in the extent of Our Life's Illusion. 
To be is the greatest paradox of life facing death. 
Aus Lügen, die wir glauben, werden Wahrheiten, mit denen wir leben.
Immer wieder behauptete Unwahrheiten werden nicht zu Wahrheiten, sondern, was schlimmer ist, zu Gewohnheiten.
Umgangsformen sind Formen, die zunehmend umgangen werden.
There are some who deploy casual wisdom for the purpose of engaging.
I would rather be wise and than right and ignorant.
A doctor may know more than a peasant, but a peasant and a doctor know more together.
Even the snow melts, let alone the frugal regards of a soul confident in its own eternity.
Wisdom most of the time takes form of advice. 
Courteous people learn courtesy from the discourteous
Ihr redet, wenn ihr aufhört mit euren Gedanken in Frieden zu sein.
Ohne Gedankenfreiheit gibt es keine Weisheit. Und ohne Redefreiheit keine öffentliche Freiheit.
Weisheit kann Angst nicht bannen, Angst jedoch kann Weisheit bannen.
Die Einsicht eines Menschen verleiht ihre Flügel keinem anderen.
Wisdom’s Pearl doth often dwellClosed in Fancy’s rainbow shell
To breath through the truth is not the same with knowing it. 
Women are flowers, thereof, must be watered to flourish.
Wisdom plays, knowledge rules, fool's in agony.
Silence is philosophy music on high pitched and philosophy is the highest music.
suffering leads to wisdom 
Life isn't a struggled to know what's right. It's a struggle to do it.
I've had many dreams useless dreams while sleeping. Priceless are those that guide me while awake.
The problem with unmanaged perfectionism, I was learning, is that it leaves you with no tolerance for error.
Suffering is the key to growth and adapting if we allow it to be.
There eventually comes a time in life when dependability is valued. This is the beginning of maturity.
If you are ashamed of your stupidity, you may be very wise.
Inner peace comes once you stop rejecting reality.
The only reality is in front of you. All else is an illusion.
Reality can be brutal, but it’s also the best teacher.
Wisdom starts when you realize reality is not against you.
He who learns a lot but applies a little stays little.
This world is paint on a canvas.
Without a woman, there is no man.Without a man, there is no woman.
Pain is necessary for purification.
Wrongdoing is wickedness.
The reality of the world can only be seen in a wonder.
Don't hesitate to label yourself smart because they won't hesitate to label you stupid.
In matters of money, no man has enough.
What is happening within you and how you experience your life is entirely your making – your karma.
Life is a lot more pleasant when you learn from other people’s mistakes.
Wise words
Who can understand how life begins in the womb of a woman?
There is no sacrifice like sharing.
Our greatest wisdom comes in knowing our own ignorance.
This world is trying to burn away the false you - stop running away.
THE GREATEST WISDOM IS SEEING WITHOUT APPEARANCES
Faith is fortune.
It is not about how others respect you, it is about how u respect your own self
We must learn to endure today in order to enjoy tomorrow.
For you to learn a lesson, something or someone will have to pay the price and be sacrificed.
If you are not aware of the right time and right direction even the sunrise looks like sunset.
The thing about quotes on the Internet is that you never know if they are genuine.
One seldom finds something if one never actually looks for it
By deception, something may be achieved, but this achievement will destroy man.
Lowly people, their secrets are also small.
The lowly man always wants more than his right.
you cannot hope that lowly people will keep big secrets.
The most beautiful temperament of a woman is her shame and pudency.
Beauticians become angels with good manners.
A beautiful person who knows that beauty is not permanent can be worshiped.
A benevolent person never violates human values in order to achieve money.
Make life sweeter for each other every day.
The lives of benevolent men and women are full of love and help for other people.
Disappointment and depression are the only impasse in life.
Companions are the love and beauty of life.
Composing the right verse of life requires a journey of seventy years.
He who does not love himself and his destiny, can do anything horrible.
How soon the eyes of the lowly people will be filled.
Birth and progress in everything is the excuse of life.
If you are stuck in your daily life, you can not take a step towards well-being.
Extinguish the fire of anger with the water of silence.
People like tulips, have a short life in existence and a lasting image in our minds.
Let us show our love like children.
Let's go ahead to steal people's hearts. this is the most beautiful battle of life.
Do not look for the best time to love in life. Be yourself and let your mind flow.
The biggest pitfall of an extravagant life is accepting what he cannot do.
The biggest missing in our lives are those closest to us.
Do not seek early answers to important events in our lives.
In life, we should always be grateful for the goodness of others and express it on our tongues.
In every destiny lies an important secret.
Be simple, the deer of the plain of life dies very soon with deceit.
The militants will be killed by their evil thoughts.
The tears of an oppressed person bury hundreds of thousands of bullets.
There are lowly people who play with the reputation of others.
An obscene person, even if he is a scientist, will be degraded.
Cursing and insulting is not even worthy of enemies.
The fruit of killing is to be killed.
Whether the criminal is in prison or free, his life is collapsing.
Do not judge others too soon.
One who has humanity does not judge others quickly and easily.
Avoid people who easily judge others.
Even the purest person has many enemies.
Enemy ! Is the enemy. Never be deceived by his flattery.
How many ignorant people do not return the kindness of the worthy.
The sword of the ignorant who stand against the wise is stubbornness and self-praise.
The ignorant are always tired of their greed.
The deceiver and the evil thinker will have no position. His last and scariest learning is loneliness.
Avoid disgraceful and obscene person, whose friendship will bring you nothing but shame.
Inappropriate jokes cause regret.
Those who constantly remember their enemy, unknowingly, aggrandize him.
The best shield against enemies is wisdom.
Enmity and rivalry motivate the wise man to live.
The enemy seeks the means to destroy man inside his house.
In the life of the ignorant, the result of one knot is thousands of unbreakable knots.
The gift of stoop against the ignorant is double difficulty.
Only the ignorant rejoice in mocking others.
At the end of the dead-end streets of life, you will meet the ignorant again and again.
The most scandalous people are the deceivers.
Neither is there black nor white in human creation. This colours only show diversity of forms of arts.
Neither is there black nor white in human creation. These colours represent diversity of arts.
Peace is what the wise heart craves, a refuge from the misery, malice and madness of the world.
Evil thinkers and evildoers will soon burn in the fire of their wrong thoughts and deeds.
The life of a malicious person is short.
Make malicious people ineffective by forgetting and avoiding.
The wicked are the first and last dead of their deeds.
Slander leads to scandal.
The debtor has taken his dignity and position into play.
Help people so that you do not fall into inferiority.
For salvation, always look to the truth and right.
Many people are captivated by their bad words.
Many wars are a reflection of ignorance.
Many conflicts are the result of childhood pain and crying.
As much as we cherish others, we have earned their love and friendship.
Supporting the rights of others is supporting our own rights.
How vile are those who aim to attack the reputation of others.
Misbehavior cannot be hidden even with a lot of wealth.
Curse the heart that does not hear the sighs of the oppressed, and does not help people.
The roots of weak people are shaky, like the reeds of a swamp.
Those who ridicule the feelings of others are criminals.
He who slanders will be humiliated.
Arrogant people soon become slaves to bad people.
Regret that does not lead us to the right path has no value.
Let us seek the truth before iniquity creates a horrible rift within us.
We are the only ones who cause our constant humiliation.
How many arrogant, who were instantly humiliated and helpless.
Evil people make everyone a tool to achieve their desires.
What memory is left from bad thinkers? None.
The silence of the battlefield has screams in its chest.
Anger and force are the only wrong tools to stay.
To humiliate any religion or race will lead to our own humiliation.
The origin of the world is love.To love and be loved.So not to be alone.
Hold fast to your faith and remain righteous and blameless
Instinct is never intention.
Without loyality, there is no love.
Without loyalty, there is no love.
Knowledge will give you power, but character respect.
Those who do not learn from home the world awaits to teach them
Do you like neck pain? Then stop looking behind you into the past.
Even the oldest dog will learn a new trick if you leave no other options.
We never quit learning, no matter how old we live to be.
You can allow your parents to choose you partner, If you allow them to buy undergarments for you.
All religions promise you heaven or the hell. Vedanta will not let you die in first place.
While you are overthinking and overplanning, someone else is achieving.
When you feel life is positive, you are excited, inspired, joyful, energetic
life,inspirational,humor,wisdom,happiness,faith,hope,inspiration,motivational,knowledge,
Wisdom is ‘A Constant’.
Originality consists of returning to the origin
One who does not admit having made a mistake, and takes corrective actions, probably makes most mistakes.
One who does not admit having made a mistake, and takes corrective actions, probably makes the most.
Loss is nothing compared to the loss of life.
Stillness and thought are like oil and vinegar.
I see because I can.I see so I should. (Because not everyone is privileged).
Knowing that you are insane is the first step to become sane!
Life is superdeterminism, neither predetermined nor free will
The highest level of wisdom is when you not only accept but love adversity.
Only fools think they can grow feeling comfortable.
Plants grow weak without wind.
Learning is quite easier than unlearning the things, its mandatory to learn to unlearn.
There is always something to learn, because what we learn always is just something.
Art can be used for intellectual evolution of man, not just the mere imitation of nature.
If you don't leave your past, your present will leave you.
Silence heals, because it won't create further conflicts, at least in the long run, it heals.
Sometimes it's the stone in shoe that causes trouble, which we misinterpret as the stony path.
When you are in the crowd, It's better to behave like a sheep.
If you feel like having a beer, watch a Martin Scorsese's film
The true artist is the truth in him.
Why are we living? Because we are sborn! Why are we born? Because we have to live!.
If you have the time to give time some time, there won't be a time that you will curse the time.
The benefit of reading is you will gain knowledge
Dont think yourself great when you give away your money or possessions, there are people who gave themselves.
Dont wear the golden shoes called success too early, you might lag behind, because metallic shoes hurt.
Possessiveness is not love and the love without possessiveness is not love too.
It's better to have a girlfriend than to drink alcohol
There is nothing wrong to be a mediocre, but forcing creativity will end up being more mediocre
Intuition is the language of god!, The more intuitive you are, the more closer you are with the god.
If you think, what you said last year is absolute nonsense
The beauty of Vedanta is, It preaches god as a thought and thought as god. No conflict but a commune.
If you can draw a tree, exactly the way it is, then i will prefer the original one!
If you become an astronaut you can go to mars, If you become a yogi, you can cross the galaxies.
I stopped seeking since the time I met you, I see myself in you, and you are my mirror.
There were no examples of mass enlightenment, it's just the individual.
If you are always in a herd, your nature will be of sheep.
I never touch nothing with writing on it.
IN THE PURSUIT OF IT ALLYOU OFTEN LOSE EVERYTHING YOU RECOGNIZED AS ANYTHING.
When someone breaks your trust.They may randomly behave like they stopped trusting you, as a defense mechanism
Total surrender is an inescapable prison you will never reach, but reach for it anyway
WHEN IT COMES TO MANIFESTING YOUR DESTINYYOU HAVE TO SEE ITBEFORE YOU SEE ITOR YOU'LL NEVER SEE IT.
Bravery is a virtue... In the face of adversity, it separates the strong from the weak.
Courage, wisdom and honesty can buy the globe without spending a single penny.
Live to please God because his pleasure always is to please his loving son. You.
Alas, higher education is not necessarily a guarantee of higher virtue, or higher political wisdom.
من أصدق أقوال الناس قولهم: "نذلان ما إتفقا، شهمان ما إختلفا
Trust the process
The Christian does not avoid sin to achieve salvation, but rather salvation bring him to a desire not to sin.
The Christian does not avoid sin to achieve salvation, but rather salvation brings him to a desire not to sin.
Ideas are worth nothing until belief persists.
It doesnt matter what is said. Unless it is said in the right way, by the right person, to the right people.
Words spoken by the dead, are louder than those spoken by the living.
I ain’t got much education, but I sho’ know folks.[Quoting Ida Mae Brandon Gladney]
A house without a library ignorance is a member of a family
If you take a lot of water, the body will become so pure, there won't be water retention and its bad effects.
Philosophy is trying to make sense of what doesn’t.
The best philosophy of life I’ve found is this: just keep going.
The ones who let go are the ones who stay sane.
Inner peace is the final stage of philosophy.
A man through wit May pass another’s wisdom in the race.
Every life has a story, and there is life in every story." ~ George Blake, STARLIGHT
Every life has a story, and there is life in every story.
As long as we remember, as long as love and memory exists, nothing is ever truly lost.
The growth and progress of life is all about expansion and all expansion is rejuvenation.
ما ضاعت عَبرة كانت لصاحبها عِبرة
أيها الصابغ شرفه بدمه، أما وجدت لدمك وظيفة أشرف من صبغ الدمى ؟
Whenever the right opportunity presents itself in your life
If you want to remove all the negativity, reduce food intake
Vacation means, you have the idea of postponing something in your life.
Wisdom? you can't receive without discovering it.
Without darkness, there will be no discovery of light.
so merry is the sagesince mercy made theefor the grave
The soul starves in the excesses of the body.
There is no world without a woman.
There is no knowledge that can replace kindness.
Equal destiny awaits every soul, death.
The way of a man is in a woman.
There is no great wealth like well-being.
Wisdom? you can't receive without discovering it.
Wisdom? you can't receive without discovering it.
When the world is ending sometimes you have to save the party until there's time to bake.
True wisdom comes from intellectual education, physical education, ethical education, and ki education.
The wisdom of sensuality needs no guidance, only permission from you.
After many years of contemplation, I realized that I will never be satisfied in this world
The wish of a woman is womanhood.
The righteousness will not disappear if you hide it the spirit will feel it and all the bonds will shout.
Avarice is inflamed by gain, not diminished by it.
You don't get dragged into trouble. You get tempted into it.
No priest can experience repentance and forgiveness of sin unless him himself falls into sin.
You are mad," the godswife said hoarsely."Is it so far from madness to wisdom?
We live by the images of those we decide are heroes and gods.
The wise quickly dispense gossip, and truth leads it to perish.
They coverThose they want
There are some people who don't even know enough to fall in love with the water.
The Universe is made of unique individuals.
It takes more than wisdom to act with wisdom.
If you are very sincere about enlightenment, then twice a week, treat yourself royally, means stop eating
Sometimes the story doesn't make sense until the end of the story.
There is no humanity without humans.
Destiny lies in the direction of dreams.
This science of healthy long living and the science of immortality, not only it is reality, it is easy
The wisest of all is he who knows how to be rather than merely exist.
You are not a living mechanism, you are a living organism.
Patience compels me to adjust my stride to the cadence of life, not the pace of my greed.
The only thing that matters in life is the strategy you have with the time you have left.
Reframe mistakes as experiments and it’s suddenly bearable.
Stop comparing yourself to others because it undermines your worth, education and your Creator’s wisdom.
Above every cloud is the brightest sunshine
Vivekananda used to say that it's the subtle which influences everything in our life.
Choosing not to be led by your emotions does not mean you’re cold or heartless
Everything is madness if you don't have a tangible point of reference.
Function from that which is deep within you at the deepest core.....
Knowledge is power, but wisdom is peace.
The grace of God is as good as gold.
Weeks of coding can save you hours of planning
There is nothing like a cheerful contended life.
Lord keep my lamp burning.
The perfection of the Soul lies in being one with God in every thought and action.
परमात्मा अकेले ब्रह्मांड के रूप में मौजूद है, आप वास्तव में मौजूद नहीं हैं
God alone exists as the universe, you do not really exist
You are trapped in the illusion trap of this little world
The wiser you become, the more setbacks motivate you.
The most obsessed becomes the most talented.
Don’t wish for a good life if you’re not ready to suffer.
The more we observe patterns, the more we connect the dots and make sense out of them, the more we learn.
To know how much something truly means to you, consider what you’re willing to give up in order to reach it.
Before knowing who you authentically are at the core you get to know who you aren’t.
Peace is as precious as pearls.
Older men declare war. But it is youth that must fight and die.
DON'T THINK OF IT AS DYING, said Death. JUST THINK OF IT AS LEAVING EARLY TO AVOID THE RUSH.
I could die for you. But I couldn't, and wouldn't, live for you.
The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death.
You only live twice:Once when you are bornAnd once when you look death in the face
It is nothing to die. It is frightful not to live.
Death is so terribly final, while life is full of possibilities.
When someone you love dies, and you're not expecting it, you don't lose her all at once
Each night, when I go to sleep, I die. And the next morning, when I wake up, I am reborn.
Sleep, those little slices of death — how I loathe them.
Death is Peaceful, Life is Harder
And what would humans be without love?"RARE, said Death.
لا أخاف الموت ..أخاف أن أموت قبل أن أحيا
Love is how you stay alive, even after you are gone.
Death is not the opposite of life, but a part of it.
Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It's the transition that's troublesome.
No one really knows why they are alive until they know what they'd die for.
When he died, all things soft and beautiful and bright would be buried with him.
If there are no dogs in Heaven, then when I die I want to go where they went.
People living deeply have no fear of death.
One lives in the hope of becoming a memory.
A man with outward courage dares to die
The dead can survive as part of the lives of those that still live.
The meaning of life is that it stops.
Here lies Dobby, a free elf.
Many people die at twenty five and aren't buried until they are seventy five.
My sister will die over and over again for the rest of my life. Grief is forever. It doesn't go away
It is not death that a man should fear, but he should fear never beginning to live.
To live in hearts we leave behind is not to die.
It's better to burn out than to fade away.
Books are finite, sexual encounters are finite, but the desire to read and to fuck is infinite
Fear not death for the sooner we die, the longer we shall be immortal.
Mostly it is loss which teaches us about the worth of things.
He'd been wrong, there was a light at the end of the tunnel, and it was a flamethrower.
There is love in holding and there is love in letting go.
No one can say that death found in me a willing comrade, or that I went easily.
Do not go gentle into that good night, Old age should burn and rage at close of day
Though lovers be lost, love shall not
The heaviness of loss in her heart hadn't eased, but there was room there for humour, too.
Because God is never cruel, there is a reason for all things. We must know the pain of loss
Killing is not so easy as the innocent believe.
Yea, all things live forever, though at times they sleep and are forgotten.
The death of a beautiful woman is, unquestionably, the most poetical topic in the world.
You do not immortalize the lost by writing about them. Language buries, but does not resurrect.
Nobody owns life, but anyone who can pick up a frying pan owns death.
The funny thing about facing imminent death is that it really snaps everything else into perspective.
I wish...I wish I were dead...”“And what use would that be to anyone?
Would it hurt to die?
But death was her curse and her gift, and death had been her good friend these long, long years.
Reality means you live until you die...the real truth is nobody wants reality.
Men should think twice before making widowhood women's only path to power.
We who think we are about to die will laugh at anything.
I want words at my funeral. But I guess that means you need life in your life.
Do you not know that a man is not dead while his name is still spoken?
Because there is no glory in illness. There is no meaning to it. There is no honor in dying of.
Delaying death is one of my favorite hobbies
No man is an island, entire of itself
That is not dead which can eternal lie,And with strange aeons even death may die.
Nothing is ever certain.
No one here gets out alive.
It is the job of thinking people not to be on the side of the executioners.
They tell us that Suicide is the greatest piece of Cowardice... That Suicide is wrong
When we die, we will turn into songs, and we will hear each other and remember each other.
Everybody going to be dead one day, just give them time.
I was always holding onto people, and they were always leaving.
In the end, it wasn't death that surprised her but the stubbornness of life.
What is called a reason for living is also an excellent reason for dying.
It's better to die laughing than to live each moment in fear.
Losing your life is not the worst thing that can happen. The worst thing is to lose your reason for living.
I went down to the river,I set down on the bank.I tried to think but couldn't,So I jumped in and sank.
Death leaves a heartache no one can heal, love leaves a memory no one can steal.From an Irish headstone
After all, what's a life, anyway? We're born, we live a little while, we die.
A single death is a tragedy
Pulvis et umbra sumus. (We are but dust and shadow.)
People die, I think, but your relationship with them doesn't. It continues and is ever-changing.
Surely it was a good way to die, in the place of someone else, someone I loved.
I am afraid. Not of life, or death, or nothingness, but of wasting it as if I had never been.
People rarely bring flowers to a suicide.
From my rotting body, flowers shall grow and I am in them, and that is eternity.
You're Hell's Angels, then? What chapter are you from?''REVELATIONS. CHAPTER SIX.
If you live each day as it was your last, someday you'll most certainly be right
My heart has joined the Thousand, for my friend stopped running today.
No one is actually dead until the ripples they cause in the world die away...
I have outlasted all desire,My dreams and I have grown apart
Death is not the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss is what dies inside us while we live.
The phoenix must burn to emerge.
What do you most value in your friends?Their continued existence.
People leave strange little memories of themselves behind when they die.
That is — your friend?" "Philtatos," Achilles replied, sharply. Most beloved.
in this land some of us fuck more than we die but most of us die better than we fuck
There is no escape—we pay for the violence of our ancestors.
Death, taxes and childbirth! There's never any convenient time for any of them.
Enjoy life. There's plenty of time to be dead.
You fuck - you ate my cat!
Things die. But they don't always stay dead. Believe me, I know.
I'm not afraid of death because I don't believe in it.It's just getting out of one car, and into another.
He is terribly afraid of dying because he hasn’t yet lived.
Sweets to the sweet.
Those we love never truly leave us, Harry. There are things that death cannot touch.
We throw our parties
It's only in drugs or death we'll see anything new, and death is just too controlling.
Live or die, but don't poison everything.
If they killed him tonight, at least he would die alive.
Death, so called, is a thing which makes men weep, And yet a third of life is passed in sleep.
So wise so young, they say, do never live long.
Death should take me while I am in the mood.
The death of a beloved is an amputation.
Be ashamed to die until you have won some victory for humanity.
I will not tell you our love story, because—like all real love stories—it will die with us, as it should.
La tristesse durera toujours.[The sadness will last forever.]
The thought that I might kill myself formed in my mind coolly as a tree or a flower.
Even in the grave, all is not lost.
The absence of the will to live is, alas, not sufficient to make one want to die.
Yes, it's a well-known fact about you: you're like death, you take everything.
Most men fear getting laughed at or humiliated by a romantic prospect while most women fear rape and death.
Sometimes dead is better
To escape death, she'd become death.
It is love, not reason, that is stronger than death.
Our lives can't be measured by our final years, of this I am sure.
The end is in the beginning and yet you go on.
. . . owning a dog always ended with this sadness because dogs just don't live as long as people do.
How could you go about choosing something that would hold the half of your heart you had to bury?
I know, too, that death is the only god who comes when you call.
Life is too short when you think of the length of death
The language of love letters is the same as suicide notes.
When I Am Dead, My DearestWhen I am dead, my dearest, Sing no sad songs for me
No man ever threw away life while it was worth keeping.
How could the death of someone you had never met affect you so?
The reports of my death are greatly exaggerated.
In the midst of life, we are in death.
You were born a child of light’s wonderful secret— you return to the beauty you have always been.
The fact that life has no meaning is a reason to live --moreover, the only one.
I'm fed up to the ears with old men dreaming up wars for young men to die in.
regret is mostly caused by not havingdone anything.
***HERE IS A SMALL FACT*** You are going to die.
Every poem should remind the reader that they are going to die.
Oh threats of Hell and Hopes of Paradise!One thing at least is certain - This Life flies
I love you every day. And now I will miss you every day.
End? No, the journey doesn't end here. Death is just another path. One that we all must take.
The connections we make in the course of a life--maybe that's what heaven is.
Kill me, or you are a murderer.
Now, I am become Death, the destroyer of worlds.
Each time we don't say what we wanna say, we're dying.
I saw the world from the stars' point of view, and it looked unbearably lonely.
Who wants flowers when youre dead? Nobody.
Of all the wonders that I have heard,It seems to me most strange that men should fear
You will think me cruel, very selfish, but love is always selfish
One to be a murderer. One to be a Martyr. One to be a Monarch. One to go Mad
It never gets easier, missing you. And sometimes I wonder if it ever will.
I DON'T HOLD WITH CRUELTY TO CATS.
Last words are always harder to remember when no one knows that someone's about to die.
Criminals do not die by the hands of the law. They die by the hands of other men.
Put a gun to my head and paint the wall with my brains.
Sadly enough, the most painful goodbyes are the ones that are left unsaid and never explained.
No matter what, I want to continue living with the awareness that I will die. Without that, I am not alive.
Finally there is nothing here for death to take away.
Death twitches my ear
Death is unstoppable. One must face it as a fact of life
The evil that men do lives after them
You are afraid to die, and you’re afraid to live. What a way to exist.
Of all the ways to lose a person, death is the kindest.
There is no such thing as inner peace. There is only nervousness and death.
Life is a sexually transmitted disease and the mortality rate is one hundred percent.
Live free or die.
It's all God's will: you can die in your sleep, and God can spare you in battle.
I have stitched life into me like a rare organ--from "Three Women: A Poem for Three Voices", written 1962
Time doesn’t heal all wounds. We both know that’s bullshit
To study philosophy is nothing but to prepare one’s self to die.
Everyone sounded the same when they died.
Yer a good lad, Atticus, mowin’ me lawn and killin’ what Brits come around.
Harry, you wonderful boy, you brave, brave man.
I am almost a hundred years old
Grief reunites you with what you've lost. It's a merging
Life is a spark between two identical voids, the darkness before birth and the one after death.
I wonder if I'll ever have to decide which is worse, life as we're living or no life at all.
Did you get notes for me?""No", Ronan replied,"I thought you were dead in a ditch.
One of the few downsides to being awakened is that we no longer require sleep
Two turtle doves will show theeWhere my cold ashes lieAnd sadly murmuring tell theeHow in tears I did die
Dying is only one thing to be sad over. Living unhappily is something else.
Many have died
But I don't know what to him about the aftermath of killing a person. About how they never leave you.
[HAMILTON]I imagine death so much it feels more like a memory
Don't wake me for the end of the world unless it has very good special effects.
No more let life divide what death can join together.
Snape raised his wand and pointed it directly at Dumbledore."Avada Kedavra!
Conscience is no more than the dead speaking to us.
No one escapes from life alive.
It's easy to cry when you realize that everyone you love will reject you or die.
So, have a little fun. Soon enough you'll be dead and burning in Hell with the rest of your family.
You can’t go back, Ever. You can’t change the past. It just is. . . . This is our destiny. Not yours.
When the time comes to die, make sure that all you have to do is die!
Summertime is always the best of what might be.
It’s not contagious, you know. Death is as natural as life. It’s part of the deal we made.
I'm going to die whatever you do, but I'm not afraid.
Whatever happens to your body, your soul will survive, untouched...
The life you have left is a gift. Cherish it. Enjoy it now, to the fullest. Do what matters, now.
Death is contagious
If you die in an elevator, be sure to push the up button.
I’ll never speak to God again.
Well I'd certainly hate to interrupt your pleasant night stroll with my sudden death.
I always knew, on some level, that I wouldn't live long. It's simply not written in my stars.
Until death it is all life
the worst thing," he told me,"is bitterness, people end up sobitter.
We took such care of tomorrow, but died on the way there.
They give birth astride of a grave, the light gleams an instant, then it's night once more.
It would be wrong to refuse to face the fact that everything is fundamentally sick and sad.
Relationships take up energy
Darkling I listen
People who get up early in the morning cause war, death and famine.
I've got death inside me. It's just a question of whether or not I can outlive it.
Dead people can be our heroes because they cant disappoint us later
Dying should come easy:like a freight train youdon't hear whenyour back isturned.
Peter was not quite like other boys
Death must exist for life to have meaning.
Grief is like the ocean
Is today a good day to die?
Believe me, when you die, it's everybody else's but your problem
And then I did what I had never done in his presence, much less in his arms. I cried.
What will survive of us is love.- from A Writer
When the body escaped mutilation, seldom did the heart go to the grave unscarred.
Death walks faster than the wind and never returns what he has taken.
Those who shun the whimsy of things will experience rigor mortis before death.
Absence is a house so vast that inside you will pass through its walls and hang pictures on the air.
The only sin is the sin of being born
And you know, there's less charm in life when you think about death--but it's more peaceful.
Things change after you die, though, I guess because dying is the loneliest thing you can do.
They say even death can't cure an idiot.-Ririn
I am still in the land of the dying
We cannot, after all, judge a biography by its length, by the number of pages in it
She died--this was the way she died
Endings are not always bad. Most times they're just beginnings in disguise.
There are always two deaths, the real one and the one people know about.
No, I regret nothing, all I regret is having been born, dying is such a long tiresome business I always found.
There is one who remembers the way to your door: Life you may evade, but Death you shall not.
The main facts in human life are five: birth, food, sleep, love and death.
Dead. Never been that before. Not even once.
The death of dogma is the birth of morality.
Desire is half of life
Tell me, Doctor, are you afraid of death?""I guess it depends on how you die.
What happens if you get scared half to death twice?
Once you are born in this world you’re old enough to die.
What will I be doing in twenty years' time? I'll be dead, darling! Are you crazy?
The only certainty life contains is death.
We're reaching for death on the end of a candle We're trying for something that's already found us
Death Be Not ProudDeath, be not proud, though some have called thee Mighty and dreadful, for thou art not so
They never fail who die in a great cause.
I write and that way rid myself of me and then at last I can rest.
I'm going to put death in all their food and watch them die.
Some men die for lack of love…some die because of it. Think about it." - Daemon
The past attracts me, the present frightens me, because the future is death.
If it's natural to kill, how come men have to go into training to learn how?
Merciful death. How you love your precious guilt
Saving YouThe darkness takes him over, the sickness pulls him in
The only true borders lie between day and night, between life and death, between hope and loss.
I was not, I was, I am not, I care not. (Non fui, fui, non sum, non curo)
Our love was a two-person game. At least until one of us died, and the other became a murderer. 
You lived what anybody gets, Bernie. You got a lifetime. No more. No less.
To be heroic is to be courageous enough to die for something
And we wept that one so lovely should have a life so brief
Because you can only die once but you can suffer forever.
We have only a little time to please the living. But all eternity to love the dead.
Our life is made by the death of others.
You only get one life. Live it to the fullest. All your miseries will be forgiven when you will be dead.
The cries of the dead are terrible indeed
I have given my word that only death will take me from you.
Men's lives have meaning, not their deaths.
How do you mourn something that never really belonged to you?
your life will not end with death. You are Immortal. You were always there and you always will be.
It was the meanest moment of eternity.
when you came you cried and everybody smiled with joy
To every man his little cross. Till he dies. And is forgotten.
Stay with me to-night
For a word to be spoken, there must be silence. Before, and after.
But on paper, things can live forever. On paper, a butterfly never dies.
This worldthat was our homefor a brief spellnever brought us anythingbut pain and grief
By daily dying, I have come to be.
Was there ever a war where only one side bled?
Death smiles at us all
there's no clarity.there was never meant to be clarity.
The little things of life, sweet and excellent in their place, must not be the things lived for
Even death, faced with the option of death or life, she would choose life.
What happens if a car comes? We die.
Was it hard? I hope she didn't die hard.'Sethe shook her head. 'Soft as cream. Being alive was the hard part.
When he said to give him the sword, I don’t think he meant for you to stick it in his guts.
Remember me, even if it's only in a corner and secretly. Don't let me go.
What am I dying for?
Live or die, but don't poison everything.
It's better to burn out than to fade away.
Pray for the dead and fight like hell for the living.
How unhappy does one have to be before living seems worse than dying?
He never sleeps, the judge. He is dancing, dancing. He says that he will never die.
Death, especially violent death, will turn the meanest bastard in the world into a nice guy. Why is that?
This time it is real — all must die, and where could mountaineer find a more glorious death!
Music, When Soft Voices DieMusic, when soft voices die, Vibrates in the memory
No drowning man can know which dropOf water his last breath did stop
A tragedy need not have blood and death
Flowers that grow where old ones have withered serve to remind us that death will one day come to us all.
I do not cling to life sufficiently to fear death.
I was born when you kissed me. I died when you left me. I lived a few weeks while you loved me.
What I fear most, I think, is the death of the imagination.
Lord help my poor soul.
Of course, in a novel, people’s hearts break, and they die, and that is the end of it
You know, lieutenant, you wear your weapon the way other women wear pearls.""It's not a fashion accessory.
And I could have died right then. And considering how things went, I really should have.
Death doesn't care about personalities - he's more interested in meeting quotas.
Those were strange days, now that I look back at them. In the midst of life, everything revolved around death.
[O]ur honeymoon will shine our life long: its beams will only fade over your grave or mine.
We each owe a death, there are no exceptions, I know that, but sometimes, oh God, the Green Mile is so long
I pity you all... Most of you will die---scratch that---ALL of you.
Because no one needs to live for ever. I think that sometimes you can outstay your welcome.
И все по-ясно виждам, че нашият свят ще загине от алчността си.
having nothing to struggleagainstthey have nothing to strugglefor.
Full fathom five thy father lies
She's realized the real problem with stories -- if you keep them going long enough, they always end in death.
... And the boy whose hair remained the color of lemons forever.
Whenever I see an ambulance, I like to think there is a baby being born, rather than a death.
No one goes on, but what we leave behind keeps us alive for someone else.
I think people would live a bit longer if they didn't know how old they were. Age puts restrictions on things.
I'm bored with it all. - Last Words
Life rises out of death, death rises out of life
The dead are way more organized than the living.
One dies only if he's not anymore in the hearts and minds of those who know him. - Monkey D. Luffy
We see a hearse
But a kingdom that has once been destroyed can never come again into being
All live to die, and rise to fall.
I am Death. I come quickly, I come slowly, but I am not cheated.
Life isn't fair. A fair's a place where you eat corn dogs and ride the ferris wheel.
Killers aren't always assassins. Sometimes, they don't even have blood on their hands.
In life, more than in anything else, it isn’t easy to end up alive.
The dead do not hurt you
Death has his favorites, like anyone. Those who are beloved of Death will not die.
My father chose my name , and my last name was chosen by my ancestors . That’s enough, I myself choose my way
I could write my name across the sky, and it would be in invisible ink.
And that’s when I realize that, at the end, we’d all wish for the same thing. Just a little more time.
A man falling off a cliff to certain death will stretch out a hand even to his worst enemy.
when I become death. Death is the seed from which I grow.
I said to myself, 'I want to die decently'.
[M]ake death proud to take us.
Nothing is permanent. The only thing any of us have in common is the inevitable.
Pain was good. If I hurt, it meant I wasn't dead.
Though you may hear me holler,And you may see me cry--I'll be dogged, sweet baby,If you gonna see me die.
RememberRemember me when I am gone away, Gone far away into the silent land
So since I'm still here livin',I guess I will live on.I could've died for love--But for livin' I was born.
We all know we're going to die
Dead, we are revealed in our true dimensions, and they are surprisingly modest.
He could only consider me as the living corpse of a would-be suicide, a person dead to shame, an idiot ghost.
But she's wrong about hell. You don't have to wait until you're dead to get there.
It is unfortunate for the gods that, unlike us, they cannot commit suicide.
Call no man happy, said Shadow, until he is dead
The sorrow we feel when we lose a loved one is the price we pay to have had them in our lives.
A dead Christ I must do everything for
Our knowledge of life is limited to death
Death waits for no man - and if he does, he doesn't usually wait for very long.
هناك أشياء كثيرة تجعل الأوطان مقابر
In the end, living is defined by dying.
If no one knows when a person is going to die, how can we say he died prematurely?
Silence before being born, silence after death: life is nothing but noise between two unfathomable silences.
Today will die tomorrow.
But remember that good intentions pave many roads. Not all of them lead to hell.
It was not death she feared. It was misunderstanding.
Perhaps a man really dies when his brain stops, when he loses the power to take in a new idea.
the gods seldomgivebut so quicklytake.
Every day is a lie. But you are dying. That is not a lie. 
They say, 'The coward dies many times'
She'll die.' 'Aye. That's a consequence of being alive.
Sometimes there's nothing you can do. [...] Sometimes they don't have enough to fight with.
I love you," he said, his voice catching. "When I thought you were going to die, I wanted to die.
Sometimes the only answer to death is lunch.
The bird is gone, and in what meadow does it now sing?
I still loved Granny. It flowed out of my chest. With Granny gone, where would my love go?
My idea of God is not a divine idea. It has to be shattered time after time. He shatters it Himself.
But to mourn, that's different. To mourn is to be eaten alive with homesickness for the person.
All good things pass away.
A tomb now suffices him for whom the world was not enough.[Alexander's tombstone epitaph]
A girl always remembers the first corpse she shaves.
I was diamond on the outside, and I would not break.Inside, though, I was already broken.
I'm not afraid of death. Death's afraid of me.
Wherever you feel death, feel it. Don’t escape. Death is beautiful
Let's talk of graves, of worms, and epitaphs
All through life there were distinctions - toilets for men, toilets for women
If I convert it's because it's better that a believer dies than that an atheist does.
I have triumphed over both life and death because I no longer desire to live, nor do I any longer fear to die.
If words had weight, a single sentence from Death would have anchored a ship.
When we fully understand the brevity of life, its fleeting joys and unavoidable pains
He killed himself for wanting to live.
Death, a necessary end, will come when it will come
Death is easy when you've already tried to find it.
History is just a way of keeping score, but it doesn't have to be who we are.
Tell him,' the colonel said, smiling, 'that a person doesn’t die when he should but when he can.
What glitters may not be gold
You're dead, and I'm the worst kind of alive.
Time and death sleep side by side.
Love doesn’t die with death. Love is like liquid
Alive. Alive in the way that death is alive.
The scariest thing in the world is thinking someone you love is going to die.
It was an indulgence, learning last words. Other people had chocolate
Birth and death: there was the same consciousness of heightened existence and of her own elevated importance
Each of us has his own rhythm of suffering.
Don't look forward to the day you stop suffering, because when it comes you'll know you're dead.
God isn't the son of Memory
My father told me once that the most important thing every man should know is what he would die for.
Death is only the end if you assume the story is about you.
Death and what came after death was no great mystery to Sabriel. She just wished it was.
I looked upon the sea, it was to be my grave
You know how cats do. They hide to die. Dogs come home.
I take no actions that I wouldn’t publicly recount. If you can’t speak your deeds, then don’t do them.
Everything ends in death, everything. Death is terrible.
Life is here, death is over there. I am here, not over there.
Closure is just as delusive-it is the false hope that we can deaden our living grief.
She herself is a haunted house. She does not possess herself
Death is not a checkmate…it is more like a carnival trick. You cannot win, no matter how you move your Queen.
Better was it to go unknown and leave behind you an arch, then to burn like a meteor and leave no dust.
The first kiss can be as terrifying as the last.
If it means my death, I don't care, because even death will be a sort of freedom.
Everybody has got to die, but I have always believed an exception would be made in my case.
At the end of the day your ability to connect with your readers comes down to how you make them feel.
Men die. It's practically what they're for.
My God, if I had a heart, I would write my hate on ice, and wait for the sun to show.
How fortunate we were who still had hope I did not then realise
Either this wallpaper goes, or I do.
The dead know everything but they don't give a damn.
You're dead, George. You just don't have the sense to lie down.
Death, I had discovered long ago, was available in varying flavors, and none of them particularly palatable. 
If you treat every situation as a life and death matter, you'll die a lot of times.
Nothing in his life became him like the leaving it.
Oh, we do not understand death, we never understand it
Everyone dies. It is how one lives that matters.
The whole life of the individual is nothing but the process of giving birth to himself
When it comes to death, we know that laughter and tears are pretty much the same thing.
We're all ghosts. We all carry, inside us, people who came before us.
Nothing remains forever, only thing that remain forever is romantically stupid word forever.
Don't fear the gods,Don't worry about death
The many men, so beautiful!And they all dead did lie:And a thousand thousand slimy thingsLived on
It's not how you die. It's who you die.
Her last conscious thought was disgust at life
This is the secret that none dares tell who fights for a cause. Dying, we are all alike.
Yes -- or rather, it's not so much that I want to die as that I'm tired of living.
That's the beautiful thing about innocence
I was caught in a love triangle with one dead side.
If you have ever lost someone very important to you, then you already know how it feels
She blew more smoke toward me, a lazy game of cancer catch.
Woe, destruction, ruin, and decay
Energy is neither created nor destroyed. It just changes shape.
Makhluk kecil kembalilah. Dari tiada ke tiada. Berbahagialah dalam ketiadaanmu.
Maybe before you die, it's your ghosts you see.
The family exists for many reasons, but its most basic function may be to draw together after a member dies.
Death ends a life, not a relationship.
If anyone stops us, as long as we mumble something pretentious about the glory of death, we should be fine.
Death's an old story, but new for each person.
If there be light, then there is darkness
Who but the mad would choose to keep on living? In the end, aren't we all just a little crazy?
An eye for an eye my friend.
Grief is love turned into an eternal missing
I am only alive because I have not yet died.
Death always wins.
We should keep the dead before our eyes, and honor them as though still living
Either we live by accident and die by accident, or we live by plan and die by plan.
Death is more universal than life
I can't die yet, doctor. Not yet. I have things to do. Afterwords I'll have a whole lifetime in which to die.
Suicide sometimes proceeds from cowardice, but not always
If you gave [Jerry] Falwell an enema he could be buried in a matchbox.
Got it. Demon. Death. Doom.
...the dead have a way of becoming saints in the eyes of their survivors...
What I look forward to is continued immaturity followed by death.
There I lay, wearing dead people as armor against death.
Yes, Bastille. I keep trying to get killed because it's inconvenient for you.
I melted into the dream as if I had always been there. I knew where I had come from
Here at lastWe shall be free
Death isn't the end, it's the beginning.
...Matt. I didn't think they'd kill you... I'm so sorry...
How do you get all those coins?" asked Mort.IN PAIRS.
I tried to hang myself with a bungee cord. I kept almost dying.
There is no remedy for death—or birth—except to hug the spaces in between. Live loud. Live wide. Live tall.
But there is nothing in biology yet found that indicates the inevitability of death.
Live full, die empty
Living without protecting what needs to be protected is the same as death...
She was a wolf. She was death, devourer of the worlds.
All that is not God is death.
I forgive you," I said. I said what I had to. I would die by pieces to save myself from real death.
I love the name of honor more than I fear death.
Let us endeavor so to live that when we come to die even the undertaker will be sorry.
It's a little hard not to worry when my best friend keeps on dying.
Life is about moving, it’s about change. And when things stop doing that they’re dead.
It's a time of sorrow and sadness when we lose a loss of life.
Clearly God was in some kind of mood on my birthday.
It was not my intention to collapse
I would rather live than die. I would rather die than survive as a monster.
Healthy children will not fear life if their elders have integrity enough not to fear death.
Give me a meaningful love or a beautiful death!
He wipes tears off my face and then snot. He uses his hands. He loves me that much.
Grief, no matter how you try to cater to its wail, has a way of fading away.
All men have an emotion to kill
variety is life
On the Death of his ChildDew Evaporates And all our world is dew...so dear, So fresh, so fleeting
O, pardon me, thou bleeding piece of earth, / That I am meek and gentle with these butchers!
We are all the fools of time and terror: DaysSteal on us and steal from us
Reproduction is more pleasurable than death.
DEAFNESS DOESN'T PREVENT COMPOSERS HEARING THE MUSIC. IT PREVENTS THEM HEARING THE DISTRACTIONS.
Emma dropped the paper. Her first impression was of a weak feeling in her stomach and in her knees
Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its students."[Letter, November 1856]
There is a certain right by which we many deprive a man of life, but none by which we may deprive him of death
Neither the sun nor death can be looked at steadily.
Relax. They're not going to kill us. They're going to TRY and kill us. And that is a very different thing.
Now comes the mystery! (last words)
Pain can kill, all on its own: the body goes into shock and shuts down.
Zalos: 'The world is full of massive things in motion. Little creatures get hurt.
Man of an hard heart! Hear me, Proud, Stern, and Cruel! You could have saved me
Can death be sleep, when life is but a dream, And scenes of bliss pass as a phantom by?---"On death
Everything that happens before Death is what counts.
Nevertheless, life and death are mysterious states, and we know little of the resources of either.
Mendacity is a system that we live in," declares Brick. "Liquor is one way out an'death's the other.
Death, like a host, comes smiling to the door
Life is a bitter sweet journey my friend, a bitter sweet journey.
Death is fugitive
Depend upon it, sir, when a man knows he is to be hanged in a fortnight, it concentrates his mind wonderfully.
Dude, you don't want to be dead. Take it from me. No-pussy is bad. But dead is like no-pussy times ten.
Down, down, down into the darkness of the graveGently they go, the beautiful, the tender, the kind
John Lennon said life was what happened while you made other plans. So was death.
أي قتيل في سبيل شيئ فوق نفسه فهو شهيد، وقد تتغير قيم الأشياء أما موقف الإنسان منها فهو قيمة لا تتغير.
In the end, we all lose it. Remember that. In the end, we own nothing.
Oh God, Oh God we’re all gonna die  doesn’t really fit the definition of banter, now does it?
For the moon never beams without bringing me dreams Of the beautiful Annabel Lee
Death is not the worst thing
Justice will prevail!
The only certainty is death.
Cover her face
After all Death is a Symbol that there was Life.
Her blood is settled, and her joints are stiff
Pain, unless it is physical, was sold to you (by your culture).
He's spending a year dead for tax reasons.
But what if all the tranquility, all the comfort, all the contentment were now to come to a horrifying end?
The light at the end of the tunnel is just the light of an oncoming train.
And anyway, it’s not as though I’ll never see Mum again, is it?
Death is our constant companion, and it is death that gives each person's life its true meaning.
Lay downYour tired 
Death, my son, is a good thing for all men
Do you wanna play? Everyone's dead, so I got bored. Did you come to play with me?--Wrath
Like as the waves make towards the pebbled shore,So do our minutes hasten to their end
You were free, you are free and you will be free.
Most things may never happen: this one will.
For the most sensitive among us, the noise can be too much.
Listen, children:Your father is dead.From his old coatsI'll make you little jackets
The monster nevers dies.
A life is not a waste of time
I'd rather die tomorrow than live a hundred years without knowing you.
Death isn't peaceful
Popularity is teenage heroin.
Can’t clean up after you anymore, baby brother, so don’t punk out. Make it count.
Darkling I listen
Thinking of death--strange, beautiful, terrible and a long way off--made me feel happier than ever.
Part of her followed him, wherever it was that he went.
That is death - shifting from "is" to "was.
We have once again succeeded in destroying what we could not create.
You can't just make me different and then leave
For he who lives more lives than one more deaths than one must die.
For death is life. It is only living that is lifeless.
It is good that a man's enemies want him dead, for it proves he has lived a life of worth.
Everyone's immortal until they're not.
Bu dağlarda bin kere ölmeden, bir kere dirilemezsin.
The rest, is silence.
My wallpaper and I are fighting a duel to the death. One or the other of us has to go.
Maybe you should say goodbye, Cal.''No.''It might be important.''It might make her die.
Nothing, they say is more certain than death, and nothing more uncertain than the time of dying
Take what comes and live life without complaint. What will be, will be. Life is a woman's gift
(On his gravestone): "I told you I was ill".
The thing about butterflies, Mr. Crow, is that they need to be admired from afar.
Death is the Graduation of the Soul
YOU HAVE REACHED THE END OF CAKE
Darkling I listen
Cada suspiro es como un sorbo de vida del que uno se deshace.
I loved my mother too,' I said. 'I still do. That's the thing - it never goes away, even if the person does.
The dead know only one thing, it is better to be alive
Damn it! How will I ever get out of this labyrinth?
Life is a predicament which precedes death.
I'm so scared of dying without ever being really seen. Can you understand?
I believe that more people would be alive today if there were a death penalty.
Birth and death were easy. It was life that was hard.
That we must all die, we always knew
No man should go to Valhalla with brothel rash.
Once to swim I sought the sea-side,There to sport among the billows
My life closed twice before its close
true apothecary thy drugs art quick
He gave her a bright fake smile
I drive a motorbike, so there is the whiff of the grim reaper round every corner, especially in London.
I was tired of being me.
We are all resigned to death: it's life we aren't resigned to.
Quaff, oh quaff this kind nepenthe, and forget this lost Lenore!
Now I am about to take my last voyage, a great leap in the dark
I'll follow you, even to death—but I won't live with you any more.
Meine mutige Kämpferin. Fight death with all you have.
Suicide is an attack on society--an attack on its omnipotence, on its denial of death, and on its own despair.
The boy was lying, fast asleep, on a rude bed upon the floor
When a joker dies, the joke remains.
Today, however, we are having a hard time living because we are so bent on outwitting death.
The day of my birth, my death began its walk. It is walking toward me, without hurrying.
To pursue wisdom is to live in such a way that one is prepared to face death when it comes. (247)
Self-destruction would be a brief, almost autoerotic free-fall into a great velvet darkness.
The wages of sin are death, but by the time taxes are taken out, it's just sort of a tired feeling.
So," he asked. "How's death?""Hard," she said. "It just keeps going.
Please don't die.
Death is just the last scene of the last act.
The dead look so terribly dead when they're dead.
I see black light (his last words)
Still, they have one thing I envy. Humans, if nothing else, have the good sense to die.
Embrace the probability of your imminent death....and know there is nothing i can do to save you.
Death is harder on those who are left behind.
Death is the most sophisticated form of beauty, and the most difficult to accept.
I don't eat friggin' lobster or anything like that. Because they're alive when you kill it.
...paradise is a world where everythingis a sanctuary 
That is a dream also
I was such a messed up person and he was still holding on.
He made me feel unhinged . . . like he could take me apart and put me back together again and again.
Men must endureTheir going hence, even as their coming hither.Ripeness is all.
War is not just the business of death, it is the antitheses of life.
When a solipsist dies ... everything goes with him.
The real hell of this," he told her, "is that you're going to get through it.
As for my own part I care not for death, for all men are mortal
I will guard you from Death, for I have no fear of him.
We're all dead the moment we're born. Just, some of us get there faster than others.
What I learned in this tragedy was the eternal lesson of good people going bad.
This feather stirs
We're all drowning, but don't say it out loud.
A complete life may be one ending in so full identification with the non-self that there is no self to die.
Waking up was a daily cruelty, an affront, and she avoided it by not sleeping.
Fuck you! I hope you die!""Everybody Dies," I said. "So fuck you.
Death! Strange that there should be such a word, and such a thing, and we ever forget it
His absence is so big it's like he's there.
Never send to know for whom the bells tolls
Death is not the end.
Unless their use by readers bring them to life, books are indeed dead things.
Always too eager for the future, wePick up bad habits of expectancy.Something is always approaching
After sixty-one years together, she simply clutched my hand and exhaled.
I cannot tell you what it is that guides us in this life
Hope is the great deceiver. Hope is the piper who leads us sleepy to our slaughter.
Our worst fear isn't the end of life but the end of memories.
I feel the terror of idleness,like a red thirst.Death isn't just an idea.
And the thing about trying to cheat death is that, in the end, you still lose.
IT'S A SWORD, said the Hogfather. THEY'RE NOT /MEANT/ TO BE SAFE.
Life is too fleet for onomatopoeia.
The one close to me now,even my own body-these toowill soon become clouds,floating in different directions.
Fear of death is form of stasis horrors. The dead weight of time.
No man kills himself unless there is something wrong with his life.
Do not wait until the near end of your life to realize that you have not fully lived to love.
Here is one of the worst things about having someone you love die: It happens again every single morning.
Committing suicide so as not to be murdered is the worst reason I've ever heard of to die. 
I basked in you
The bombs were coming-and so was I.
Yes, they are carnal, both of them, love and death, and therein lies their terror and their great magic!
Sin, death, and hell have set their marks on him,And all their ministers attend on him.
The trigger gave
The Only Way Out Is To DIE!!!!
Death is as unexpected in his caprice as a courtesan in her disdain
Old age is not as honorable as death, but most people seek it.
I want to look at you as you kill me.
Every morning is my birthday and every night is my death-day.
Death was an inverse Big Bang
And when your sorrow is comforted (time soothes all sorrows) you will be content that you have known me.
... we die, just as we were born, at the edge of a road not of our choosing.
I am not a coward, but I am so strong. So hard to die.
She made the decision that her existence had lost its meaning. And you cannot judge that.
Like dew I was bornLike dew I vanish..and all that I have ever done Is but a dreamWithin a dream
WIDOW. The word consumes itself, said Sylvia Plath, who consumed herself.
Do not mourn the dead. They know what they are doing.
When you reach the stars, boy, yes, and live there forever, all the fears will go, and Death himself will die.
Colder by the hour, more dead with every breath.
We walk into the rest of our lives together, not knowing it'll end before it's truly started.
He was Death, and he'd ridden in on a pale horse...
There was no hope in death, only an end.
It's easier to die than to move ... at least for the Other Side you don't need trunks.
Ros was dead.He had loved heroin more than it loved him. I was shocked beyond imagining
Never underestimate the will of a creature who begins to die at birth.
It's normal to shy away from illness and death. It's natural to gravitate toward laughter and life.
I can't do anything to death, doctor's orders.
Not easy to state the change you made.If I'm alive now, I was dead,Though, like a stone, unbothered by it.
If a man confessed anything on his death bed, it was the truth
How do you tell if something's alive? You check for breathing.
Once a flower is picked it immediately begins to die.
All mankind is of one author, and is one volume
Destiny, if I could sit across the porch from God, I'd thank Him for Lending me you.....
Copulation is no more foul to me than death is.
Why won't they let me be? I just need to rest, that's all, to rest and sleep some, and maybe die a little.
Every cataclysm is welcomed by somebody
She has the mysterious solitude of ambiguous states
Only.. I want to do die as myself
A child said What is the grass? fetching it to me with full hands
God forgive me everything!’ she said, feeling the impossibility of struggling...
I have almost completed a long novel, but it is unpublishable until my death and England's.
We each owe a death, there are no exceptions, I know that, but sometimes, oh God, the Green Mile is so long.
Having made the decision to love, had I chosen life instead of death?
the sensation of trying to escape... but never being able to... i'm sure i felt that... that's... death
Killing is easy," said Mo, "Dying is harder...
Sometimes the dying live more fiercely and wisely than the rest of us. (146)
لكن الموت لاشيء ... أنه فقط مجاز إلى شيء آخر أجمل من الحياة
Yes, Max, you are going to die. Just like everybody else.Thank you, Confucious.
It's gonna hurt, now," said Amy. "anything dead coming back to life hurts.
When the Aggregates arise, decay and die, O bhikkhu, every moment you are born, decay, and die.
It is always consoling to think of suicide
Smiling at death seems like a pretty bold act. And so I smile like a damned fool.
I AM NOT.  AND THEN I AM.   I WONDER IF THAT WAS DEATH.
Death is the reward for living
No mother should lose her child.
I not afraid of dying, I'm afraid of suffering
I know LSD
who journeyed to Denver, who died in Denver, who came back to Denver 
I'm not scared of death, I just don't want to seek it out.
Every suicide is a solution to a problem.
She couldn't tell where his pupils ended and the irises began
Hope in the beginning feels like such a violation of the loss, and yet without it we couldn't survive.
God is dead and I am his replacement.
Music links us humans, heart to heart...Across time and space, and life and death.
John: 'Have mercy. I don't want to die!'Sita: 'Then you should never have been born.
Death is inevitable passion is eternal
Death is perfectly safe. (55)
If death, said my father, reasoning with himself, is nothing but the separation of the soul from the body
Life is a long agonized illness only curable by death.
Don't interfere!" The Doctor silenced her angrily. "I cannot will my own destruction.
She surveyed the carnage behind him. "Did you have fun?"He showed her his teeth. "Yes.
And in me too the wave rises. It swells
And thus we all are nighingThe truth we fear to know:Death will end our cryingFor friends that come and go.
Nothing dies in Hell.
She was made mostly of coffee and empty spaces.
Death always leaves one singer to mourn.
People are fragile. They die of mistakes, of overdoses, of sickness. But mostly they die of Death.
In my life Why do I give valuable time To people who don't care if I live or die ?
You are young, and rich, and have friends, and at such an age I know it is hard to die!
The first time is always the hardest
When a person has lived generously and fought fiercely, she deserves more than sadness at the end.
Sleep: the stepchild of Death.
Life, to be sure, is nothing much to lose,But young men think it is, and we were young.
There are women whose love only ends with death.
The dead are merely the countrymen of my future.
Boys play with death as though it were a game, cutting their teeth on daggers.
There would be no chance to get to know death at all ...if it happened only once.
Death is not a reaper, like they say, nor even a friend. It is a dark, fierce water, an inundation.
And let me ask you this: the dead, where aren't they?
When he left us, he stole all the words.
In the end, everyone is aware of this:nobody keeps any of what he has,and life is only a borrowing of bones.
You have entered an abnormal, lonely, and unwelcome new world where you are nothing but an island of sadness.
And then she moved from shock to grief the way she might enter another room.
How come some stories have an ending when they never had a starting?
Cordelia! stay a little. Ha! What is't thou say'st? Her voice was ever soft.
If Christ taught us anything it is this -- not to let our fear of death keep us from doing the good thing.
And there are so much easier ways to destroy a woman. You don't have to rape her or kill her
It is life that hurts you not death.
I was made to rule the darkness.
You can't argue with the dead, no matter what you say, they always have the last word.
The dream crossed twilight between birth and dying.
Death is woven in with the violets,” said Louis. “Death and again death.”)
How we keep these dead souls in our hearts. Each one of us carries within himself his necropolis.
İnsanlık öldü belki de hiç yaşamamıştı..!!Humanity was dead.Maybe never live too..!!
That's how I want to go. Taking my own way out and totally pissing everybody off at the end.
Death in the horror movies is when the monsters get you.
I don't want to die in darkness any thicker than this. I want to bring some kind of resolution in my life.
Much as oblivion is the death of sorrowSo death is life's forgetfulness
We all love conflagrations. When the sky changes color, it is a dead man's passing.
Dying for love might be pitiable, but it wasn't much different, finally, from any other kind of dying.
I came in haste with cursing breath,And heart of hardest steel
Afterwards, when it's all over, you meet God. What do you say to God?
In life we sit at the table and refuse to eat, and in death we are eternally hungry.
He would find his Susie,inside his young son. Give that love to the living.
What we call 'time' isn't chronological but spatial
Vanye: You're asking me to kill you.Luthiel: I'm asking you to save her. 
Wouldn’t the joys of life lose all colour, if life was eternal?
Time has always been the greatest ally to Truth, because Time eventually relieves and reveals all.
Some leave our life with tears, others with an insane frigidity
No matter the self-conceited importance of our labors we are all compost for worlds we cannot yet imagine.
I am not ready to die,But I am learning to trust deathAs I have trusted life.I am movingToward a new freedom
And in such bliss does devastation grow.
Stop sleeping, Get to work! You will have much time to sleep when you die.
...there's not enough of anything to go around except people and death.
I want away to the house of death, to my father under the low, clay roof.
She was still clutching the book. She was holding desperately on to the words who had saved her life.
When, at last, I ceased to be myself, I came to be.
It used to be thought that hell was a lack of God, but hell is a lack of death.
Life is just a short period of time in which you are alive.
A flower bloomed already wilting. Beginning its life with an early ending.
There is only one true wealth in all the universe--living time.
For Death is the meaning of night
Is anyone who's supposed to be dead actually dead?
The man who passes the sentence should swing the sword.
Death truly does have life, and walks with and lives through us everyday.
Ich werde stehen und warten.Ich werde müde werden.Ich werde nicht einschlafen.Ich werde sterben.
Listen: being dead is not worse than being alive. It is different though. You could say the view is larger.
It would kill the past, and when that was dead, he would be free.
From the time we're born until we die, we're kept busy with artificial stuff that isn't important.
How soon will we accept this opportunity to be fully alive before we die? (88)
Who knoweth if to die be but to live, and that called life by mortals be but death?
The day after Paul Newman was dead, he was twice as dead.
Nor dread nor hope attendA dying animal
How talented was death. How many expressions and manipulations of hand, face, body, no two alike.
I'm Allen Walker!"My life....is over...I'm going to die....
If you can overcome love, you can overcome fear. If you can overcome fear, you can overcome death.
It's a tragic fact to die in an accident
Մահ ոչ իմացեալ՝ մահ է, մահ իմացեալ՝ անմահութիւն է:Death, unanticipated, is death
I want to commit suicide but am afraid someone will think I am crazy.
He dreamed of funeral love, but dreams crumble and the tomb abides
The many sorrows of our recent history suggest that we humans have a learning disability.
When the star dies, Its eye closes
Here lies one from a distant star, but the soil is not alien to him, for in death he belongs to the universe.
Mist to mist, drops to drops. For water thou art, and unto water shalt thou return.
poor boy! I never knew you, Yet I think I could not refuse this moment to die for you, if that would save you
In a world where everyone struggles to survive whatever the cost, how could one judge those who decide to die?
His life spells living. Your life or my life, apart from Him, spells death.
Dreams link us to those who have already left this life.
She cannot possibly be dead, people do not just die
We are all dying one by one. We all smell of mortality, and we can't wash it off.
The dead has only one place to go… up. Wherever you bury them, they will go the same way, up
Do not use life to give life to death. Do not use death to bring death to life.
Parting is all we know of heaven and all we need of hell.
There is no man so blessed that some who stand by his deathbed won't hail the occasion with delight.
Why is it okay to put someone to death, but it’s not okay for those people to do it themselves?
The question was not death
They suffered with his death and she - she suffered with their reaction to it.
Death is a state of mind---many people on Earth spend their entire lives dead.
Never use abstract nouns when concrete ones will do. If you mean “More people died” don’t say “Mortality rose.
What is life? It departs covertly. Like a thief Death took him.
At the end, one didn't remember life as a whole but as just a string of moments.
Life dies but forever will there be music. Always.
I wonder if it will rain after we die. When you kill yourself, you don't know what happens next, afterward.
I think...I think its always been you who was dying,"- Delaney
There's still a thousand places I haven't gone to die.
Y allá en el fondo está la muerte si no corremos y llegamos antes y comprendemos que ya no importa.
Please not yet. Those are the three eternal words. Please not yet.
Everything but a life can be replaced.
If life is a punishment, one should wish for an end
Fight on, brave knights! Man dies, but glory lives! Fight on
This is my child, he said. I wash a dead man's brains out of his hair. That is my job.
And then we ease him out of that worn-out body with a kiss, and he's gone like a whisper, the easiest breath.
It's time, Old Captain, lift anchor, sink!The land rots
The field of the soul must be watered by the rain with tears of love
Now when I die, I shall only be dead.
In so many senseless deaths, beauty is to blame.
That cake tasted good. But the cake in the garbage tasted better. It was the best cake I ever ate.
I have never lived a life so much larger than death. (93)
- had a million things to do today
And no child deserved to die for defending her father, no matter who she was
Elaborate burial customs are a sure sign of decadence.
Dance, my darling dance! If you dance then death can't catch you! Nothing bad can touch you! Dance!
The reason they invented coffins, to lock the dead in, preserve them, they put makeup on them
Things we lose have a way of coming back to us in the end, if not always in the ways we expect.
I'm going to die. And as if that weren't bad enough, I'm going to die inside a cake.
It’s quite simple. Death isn’t what we think it is. It isn’t life which ends but time which stops.
The grave's a fine and private place,But none, I think, do there embrace.
Thus let me live, unseen, unknown
But at my back I always hear Time’s wingèd chariot hurrying near
Around, around the sun we go:The moon goes round the earth.We do not die of death:We die of vertigo.
O Earth, lie heavily upon her eyes
For, truly, the man who does not know when to die, does not know how to live.
If you can kill it, or it can kill you, it's real.
For what is it to die but to stand naked in the wind and melt into the sun?
I don't think that science and the paranormal have to be at war
They died together
The lucky ones are just born dead.
A man dies when he refuses to stand up for that which is right.
When we see death, we see disaster. When Jesus sees death, he sees deliverance!
What can I say? I prefer to die well informed.
Death is but crossing the world, as friends do the seas
The most ruthless of all humans are the ones cornered in by death.
The awful thing is that if i can forget they're people, it will be no different at all
Red lips are not so red as the stained stones kissed by the English dead.
O my love, my wife!Death, that hath suck'd the honey of thy breathHath had no power yet upon thy beauty.
The foolish rush to end their lives.Only the steadfast soul survives.
The people one loves should take all their things with them when they die.
We love ourselves notwithstanding our faults, and we ought to love our friends in like manner.
Dante: Evergreens aren't supposed to dieRenee: Everything Dies ..
Ah, life's little surprises! They can make any day unforgettable... or make it your last.
The thin line between life and death is still under construction.
I wonder how it takes you, that moment when everything turns to shadows. - Somerled.
I think about dying every day, because I can't stop thinking about living.
أحمق من يستسلم للموت طالما الحياة ممكنة
When your demon was yourself, there really was no way to fight or get rid of it.
There is sorrow enough in the natural wayFrom men and woman to fill our day
Dear as remembered kisses after death,And sweet as those by hopeless fancy feign'dOn lips that are for others
Good thing I'm aging, otherwise I'd be dead.
I am dying now, but I still have many things to say.
Love is like a flower. Its upright when its in harmony and withered when its dead.
She had died at age twelve, and by now she was nothing but the memory of love-- nothing, now, but bones.
The guillotine is the ultimate expression of Law, and its name is vengeance
In the days after my heart attack 
Science ask facts and religion ask faith, humans are confused between life and death.
The painful truth about life is not death but death while you are alive.
Watch birth and death:The lotus has alreadyOpened its flower.
I love death because life hates me.
La mayoría de la muerte de la gente es una farsa, no queda en ellos nada que pueda morir
Heaven is a place where all the dogs you've ever loved come to greet you.
Do you know where your breakthrough begins? Your breakthrough begins where your excuses ends.
We are graced with a godlike ability to transcend time and space in our minds but are chained to death.
If you don't fear death, then let Kieran meet it.
Death was kind.” He drew a sharp breath. “But no father should have to give such a kindness to his child.
Getting a second life is one thing. Making a better life, that's the trick.
The fame of his likes circulates briskly but soon grows heavy and stale
Human efforts to avoid or overcome death are always doomed to disappointment.
Silence is a lie that screams at the light.
Where they burn books, at the end they also burn people
Death leaves cans of shaving cream half-used.
Romeo: Courage, man
I wish I could recommend the experience of not being killed to everyone.
This was how an enemy should be dealt with: with a dagger, not a declaration.
Hell, I don't want to grow old at all. I never want to die.
...do you actually think that how long a person grieves is a measure of how much they loved someone?
That's what death is, Danny thought: wanting to talk to someone and not being able to.
Love is bitter, death is sweet.
Fear leads to death as the window to the courtyard. Jump!
The idea that all souls are mortal is the only notion surely terminating love and all its forms.
Poets never die, I thought. They just fail in the end.
Usually the things that kill us are the things we do every single day.
She was lost now, she'd been silenced- another dead branch on Cordova's warped tree.
For the sake of goodness and love, man shall let death have no sovereignty over his thoughts.
Because I could not stop for Death,He kindly stopped for me
In fact living is dying.
When the sun shall be folded up
When it comes, you’ll be dreamingthat you don’t need to breathe
Here be dragons to be slain, here be rich rewards to gain
You may say suicide is a loss of control and cowardly. Foolish as it may sound, I am prepared to argue.
We live, we love, we let it go.
I'm not courting death
Beastly of him to die before you realized he might be fascinating.
We understand death for the first time when he puts his hand upon one whom we love
My flesh winced, in cowardice, from such a death.
We are only an instant, that's true. But we are eternal.
Immortality like this is about as useful as sunscreen on a submarine.
I could kill you a thousand times over Abraham, but we would never be even. You took everything I had.
Everything worthwhile ends. We are in the perpetual process now: creation, maturation, cessation.
There are only two things worse then an empty canvas: death and taxes.
It doesn't matter how much his mother loves him
Death is the force that will create your new life. It is a mechanism of transformation. Welcome it.
Bod shrugged. "So?" he said. "It's only death. I mean, all of my best friends are dead.
La vida es mi tortura y la muerte será mi descanso.
You smile upon your friend to-day,To-day his ills are over
The sharp knife of a short life, wellI've had, just enough time.
That's it then. This is how it ends. I haven't even read Proust.
..the nuclear family from across the street, which, as a result of decay, truly did have 2.5 kids
We can't be sad for her," she murmured. "Only for ourselves at having to say good-bye.
الخلودَ حِليَةُ من يعي لا من يتكاثر
…but there they lay, sprawled across the field, craved far more by the vultures than by wives.
So long as human beings stay human, death and life are the same thing.
The reaper does not listen to the harvest.
The spirit who inhabits her animates us all. Destroy the host, you destroy the power. The young die first
Someone dying asks if there is life after death. Yes, comes the answer, only not yours.
Forget it. Never explain
WHAT FOR IS THIS BOX PADDED? IS IT TO BE SAT ON? CAN IT BE THAT IT IS CAT-FLAVOURED?
Just know I amNot there to catch youBut I am there for you
We have long become overgrown with calluses
I lost Susy thirteen years ago
die daily.hourly, if you'vegot the energy.
Well, as to that, all I'll say is, you can't take out a fellow's heart before he's ready to give it up.
seeing a woman cough today made me sense a vague fear of death
Death is the sanction of everything the story-teller can tell. He has borrowed his authority from death.
but as he plodded along a vague and almost hallucinatory pall hazed over his mind
Time erodes us all.
In her mind's eye she saw it, saw it all at last: the rolling armies and the flames of battle
In a world where the dead have returned to life, the word" trouble' loses much of its meaning.
In every person, there is a doer and a devil. With every passing days, the doer dies and a devil has to rise.
If you remembered somebody was as real as yourself, how could you kill anybody?
If I could make a dream real, I would not kill anything unless it could never be changed at heart.
The dead do not harm us, only the alive.
But at my back I always hear Time’s wingèd chariot hurrying near
Life seemed to him to be a narrow cage, and her iron bars were many and dense, and there was only one way out.
Poets are interested primarily in death and commas. 
Death is a scandal. The machine is functioning, we are all hostages
The South-wind bringsLife, sunshine and desire,And on every mount and meadowBreathes aromatic fire
Have you ever, for even a second, thought about how hard it is for people like me just to stay alive?
While death and darkness girdle meI grope for immortality.
A little smoke lost in the air, that was the life of a man.
I grew up in a hospital and as a child I played in the dissecting room
Timor mortis conturbat me.
Nothing in life was as ugly as death.
If I was born as a blackthorn tree, I’d wanna be felled by you, Held by you, Fuel the pyre of your enemies.
A man is little use when his wife’s a widow. Scottish proverb
Once the game is over, the King and the pawn go back in the same box.
Death was for-the other people.
One day we will all wear a garment which has no pockets...
Eventually, however, the denial turned into emptiness and my childhood ended.
Ah earth you old extinguisher.
Qui cache son fou, meurt sans voix
I love you now... I love you immortally, even if I die and there is nothing left of me.
Death was not the scariest thing out there
With The Dread, first kiss was the beginning. Second kiss was the end.
One forgets the dead quite quickly
Downfall, failure and death cannot be far from any man who made counterfeit friends his ally and support.
The fear of death never left me
The summer kings are gods, and we are finally, in the end, just men.
After your death, you will be what you were before your birth.
YOU'RE ONLY PUTTING OFF THE INEVITABLE, he said.That's what being alive is all about.
Nobody can tell what is right and what is wrong
The fact of having been born is a bad augury for immortality.
But at my back I always hear Time’s wingèd chariot hurrying near
He danced with the sky instead, and the sky dropped him like a rotten plum.
Our dead are never dead to us, until we have forgotten them.
If there is nothing else there is this: to be inundated, consumed.
If you truly live, you will never truly die!
Thank God,my name isn’t in the list of thosewho died or werekilled yesterday!
In the emptiness that was all around me, I noticed an old tennis ball in the plantings
This is where the evening splits in half, Henry, love or death. Grab an end, pull hard, and make a wish.
The best way to be appreciative for your life is to live it
Those who live in memories are never really dead.
In the end, all you want is someone to long for you when it comes time to put you in the ground.
Too much of water hast thou, poor Ophelia,And therefore I forbid my tears.
And now let us love and take that which is given us, and be happy
Someday you will die, and until you know that, you're useless to me.
Being alone can be good. It's easy to find peace alone. But sometimes, being alone is a king of death.
She had storms all her life, but she died peacefully.
I won't be sad too often,If they bury me in the libraryWith bookworms in my coffin.
Everything- even me, and one day even Charlotte- must come to end.
Even when our death is imminent, we carry the image of ourselves moving forward, alive, into the future.
Life is the death of all of us.' - Tristan
Ο θάνατος είναι πάντα από μόνος του μια απόδειξη ειλικρίνειας.
Who said, 'All Time's delightHath she for narrow bed
All death reminds us that nothing is promised, only that life was worth it.
It's harder to pick and choose when you're dead. It's like a photograph, you know. It doesn't matter as much.
They couldn't keep Death out, but while she was in she had to act like a lady.
Death will be a great relief. No more interviews.
What is birthday, but a celebration of death.
The grave and the image are equally links with the irrecoverable and symbols for the unimaginable.
I doubt love can do little else, if it cannot bring back people back from the dead.
I'm not afraid of being dead. I'm just afraid of what you might have to go through to get there.
But death was sweet, death was gentle, death was kind
To his way of thinking, the only thing more natural than death was sex.
Suicidal glory is the luxury of the irresponsible.
The guillotine is the ultimate expression of Law, and its name is vengeance
So death, the most terrifying of ills, is nothing to us, since so long as we exist, death is not with us
Believe it or not each and every one of us in this room is one day going to stop breathing, turn cold, and die
If I lie down on my bed I must be here,But if I lie down in my grave I may be elsewhere.
عندما نجد الفرصة لتفادي الموت فمن الواجب أن نعيش !
The scribbled signature black, onto the blinding global white, onto the thick soupy red.
عندما تعلم أن أحدًا مقربًا منك على وشك الموت ، هناك نزعة طبيعية لأن ترغب بقضاء أظول وقت ممكن معه
All creation necessarily ends in this: Creators, powerless, fleeing from the things they have wrought.
The only cure for a real hangover is death.
Art-making is not about telling the truth but making the truth felt
We’re organisms
This was the greatest gift that he had, the talent that fitted him for war
What branch does not have its leaves and which twig will not have its flowers?
The only advantage of knowledge is that it can justify suffering.
Never trust a man who teaches about death but yet had no real experience at all about it.
The dead person is not truly dead until the last person who rememebers them dies.
To learn to die is to learn to live. Death is the giver of life.
Who can be worried without the light of a memory?
Death is never an excuse to stop living.
That kind of imagination is why we're not dead.
We are born and then we die. And in between lies only this strange darkness that we can’t break.
Gone, but only until we get there
Literature is the ditch I'm going to die in. It's still the thing I care most about.
Till her appointed course be run
As soon as someone dies, frenzied construction of the future (shifting furniture, etc.): futuromania.
Lieb Liebchen, leg ‘s Händchen aufs Herze mein
The desire of death will not always lead you to death but the fear of death will.
After I am dead I'd rather have people ask why I have no monument than why I have one.
Wherever you look there is so much loss and folly to contemplate.
Each day death corrodes what we call living, and life ceaselessly swallows our desire for the void.
Glory is the sunshine of the dead
It is when we are faced with death that we turn most bookish.
A dead dog is more quiet than a house on the steppes, a chair in a empty room.
Corpses sour you. They are bad for objectivity.
Erik, Erik! I saved your life! Remember? You were scentenced to death! But for me you would be dead by now. 
In ten years time I’ll be… (dead) sixty.
The Angel of Death is the invisible Angel of Life. 
I believe there are ways whose ends are life instead of death.
Death always knew how to connect vice with misfortune.
Life isn't fair. It's just fairer than death, that's all.
Some of us hover when we weep for the other who wasdying since the day they were born.
…Not that it was unjust
لا شئ يجعل الإنسان مستعد للموت .. مثل العمر الطويل
She would die, and maybe everyone would forget that she had ever lived.
Death frees us from the sickness of modern life.
... a heart can be broken, but it keep on beating, just the same.
The stronger civilization becomes, the more deeply the love of death is buried in the subconscious.
Let whoever can win glory before death.
You never know these days. Uninvited guests may force you to take an unplanned trip to an unknown destination
The sum of his life was a unique melody, hauntingly beautiful and powerful.
Remember me when I am deadand simplify me when I'm dead.
If they succeed, it will not matter if Man becomes immortal.He will have nothing to live for.
An honorable death is well and good, but if the life at stake is not your own, what then?
Death has always had a prominent place in my mind. There are times when I think somebody might kill me.
Awareness of mortality exerts a unique power to focus the mind and heart on essentials.
Shouldn't we be speaking of something more important than life and death?
Sometimes, you can't save someone from themselves.
(Poetry) helped me to find a silver lining in even the darkest emotions, experiences, observations and topics
I wonder if my first breath was as soul-stirring to my mother as her last breath was to me
When your people are lying dead around you, don't come crying to me...
Life is the only thing which can never be replaced when lost.
The battle with the gods thus hinges on our own mortality! Creativity is a yearning for immortality.
For what blessing may a man hope for butAn immortality inThe loving vigilance of death.
When you have the power to love, that strength, that courage is infinite
Death starves us of life. So we learn to fabricate our own immortalities.
Time throws you out of its dimensionless planar like a boomerang. It unites with you again in death.
I see no end to my misery but the grave.
But me They cannot touch, Old age and death. The strange And ignominious end of old Dead folk!
the gods play nofavorites.
You can’t get the blood out.
This world's a city full of straying streets, and death's the market-place where each one meets.
An enemy is like a man's most prized flower. It brings him joy to see it buried in the ground.
The menopause of Sarah became her menostart
There are worse ways to die than warm and drunk.
En su habitación del hotel la muerte, desnuda, está delante del espejo. No sabe quién es.
All are dead, and ourselves left alone amidst a new generation whom we know not, and who know us not.
I carry the seeds of death within me and plant them wherever I linger long enough to love.
Please bury me in the library With a dozen long-stemmed proses
No thought is born in me that does not bear the image of death.
Every living thing requires love to survive for without it, we die.
Death is not in the nature of things
Oh dire, dreadful death, you drag your heels.Why dawdle and draw back? You drown my heart.
Not success. Not growth. Not happiness. The cradle of your love of life … is death.
I'm going to enjoy this.”“What?” I asked. “Hell?
Death stalked toward us on padded feet.       And it was not alone.
I had never known any man to die while speaking in terza-rima
You are immortal till the very moment you die. Discover it, and stand untouchable.
Death is a continuation of my life without me...
I didn't want to die. I just found death soothing to think about.
No amount of wishing will bring back the dead.
Once someone asked me, "What do you want to be your epitaph?" So I said, "Paulo Coelho died when he was alive.
If I weren't already dead, I'd have to kill myself just so I could roll over in my grave.
Believe in me and you shall die, forever.
For some death is an art, for others it is merely an inevitability.
on doit des égards aux vivants, on ne doit aux morts que la vérité.
Death is my lover and he wants to move in.
The TriflerDeath's the lover that I'd be taking
Sólo yo entiendo lo lejos que está el cielo de nosotros
Masks camouflage the faces of both good and evil. Keeps hidden what is a truth and what is a lie.
I am going to die, but that is of no importance.
The back door of every tomb opens on a hilltop.
Cure the symptoms, cure the disease.
And when life's sweet fable ends,Soul and body part like friends
You Hang on to your pain like it means something
His name was Theo.
We all must face death and walk with it. But we also must love and live in it.
It's your life, not your death, that defines you.
There was a saying in our family that no one ever died
When death speaks to me, it speaks only of the beauty of life.
When I shut my eyes on this world I'll finally have peace.
To Suspect your Own Mortality is to Know the Beginning of Terror
With that, I took a deep breath and leapt
When I die, I plan to be laughing hysterically.
When I die I hope it may be said:'Her suffering was black, but her books were read'.
Molecules dissolve and pass away, but consciousness survives the death of the matter on which it rides.
I never saw Death before, and now I seeThat it is warring eyes in a woman's form.
What i took away from witnessing the broken climbers in Moshi was this: *Everything is easy until it isn't.*
A fool without fear is sometimes wiser than an angel with fear.
Whatever is destroyed, the act of destruction does not vary much. Beauty if vapour from the pit of death.
Live now, die later!
Ne, nė vienas žmogus ilgai negalėtų pakelti tokio liepsningo gyvenimo. 
Cine n-ar dori să moară visând că moare?
If we knew what we are, we should do as Sir Arthur Jermyn did
What's it like?""Death? It's like being on holiday with a group of Germans.
It's life. You deal with it or you don't.
It came to Mary now that her mother had been right, after all
It's like Romeo 
If you are distant and misanthropic, selfish or cruel, you will find yourself alone in life and death.
Every soldier in the course of time exists only in the breath of written word.
The thing about oracles is that they talk back.
If some persons died and others did not die death would indeed be a terrible affliction.
Funerals aren't scheduled.
We tend to get a little information before we off people. It’s not a play by ear sort of deal.
You that in far-off countries of the sky can dwell secure, look back upon me here
Dead men cannot take effective action
...every human being is doomed to die, which is the greatest of all failures.
I shall soon be quite dead at last in spite of all.
Search for the stranger inside you, forgotten even by your death.
Zu früh, befürcht ich
I would have had to kill him, and Death, you know, keeps secrets better even than a guilty Roman.
He wanted to die. He prayed for it. Through the roar in his ears, he begged for it.
Loneliness is the standard that separates life from death.
Ah, God, it's barbaric, however you look at it,' he told Ruth.'What, cremation?' she asked.'Death.
All things that we ordained festival,Turn from their office to black funeral
Don’t hope you will receive help from the words of life because they all bring you to death.
The belief in death leads meditating about life
Emptiness is this world’s greatest discovery. Who has chosen this kind world for us and why?
It was 911 calling me. If you can believe it. Them calling me.
Puis il réfléchit: la réalité ne coïncide habituellement pas avec les prévisions
Dying's a fearful popular activity these days so we often double 'em up.
As if the dead really do persist, even in a bottle of wine.
[death]...the abyss from where no traveler is permitted to return
Cad é an mhaith dom eagla a bheith orm? Ní shaorfadh eagla duine ón mbás, dar ndóigh.
Here is a minute. It may be my love is dead, but here is a minute to kneel over the grave and pray by it.
What is this slow blue dream of living, and this fevered death by dreaming?
Would that death were like this. Would that one would sleep and sleep and sleep forever.
If life is worth living for so is it worth dying.
When will the deathOf Death ever come?from "The Siege
Just when you think you're in the cat-bird's seat, the Angel of Death calls "dibs" on shotgun.
The dead and not-yet dead, we are company all together.
Death preserves an ideal.
May be able to die those who didn't know how to live
It was in the reign of George II. that the above-named personages lived and quarrelled 
When the dead departed, they took away any falsehoods that they might have allowed us to believe while alive
It's like a memorial to Atlantis or Lyonesse: these are the stone buoys that mark a drowned world.
I am dead man alive.
We are all created by desire and we all die because of desire.
I'm the one that's got to die when it's time for me to die, so let me live my life the way I want to.
But better to get hurt by the truth than comforted with a lie.
I can never read all the books I want
The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time.
Just when you think it can't get any worse, it can. And just when you think it can't get any better, it can.
The one you love and the one who loves you are never, ever the same person.
I speak to everyone in the same way, whether he is the garbage man or the president of the university.
The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
We're all human, aren't we? Every human life is worth the same, and worth saving.
If you don't know where you're going, any road'll take you there
Every man has his secret sorrows which the world knows not
All God does is watch us and kill us when we get boring. We must never, ever be boring.
This life’s hard, but it’s harder if you’re stupid.
Sometimes I can hear my bones straining under the weight of all the lives I'm not living.
Death ends a life, not a relationship.
You cannot find peace by avoiding life.
Where there is love there is life.
May you live every day of your life.
Get busy living or get busy dying.
If my life is going to mean anything, I have to live it myself.
All the world is made of faith, and trust, and pixie dust.
We have to dare to be ourselves, however frightening or strange that self may prove to be.
Anyone who lives within their means suffers from a lack of imagination.
Life is a book and there are a thousand pages I have not yet read.
Life can only be understood backwards
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.
Monsters are real, and ghosts are real too. They live inside us, and sometimes, they win.
Of all sad words of tongue or pen, the saddest are these, 'It might have been.
The flower that blooms in adversity is the rarest and most beautiful of all.
The most important thing is to enjoy your life—to be happy—it's all that matters.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.
My experience of life is that it is not divided up into genres
Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create.
Nobody realizes that some people expend tremendous energy merely to be normal.
I don't know the question, but sex is definitely the answer.
Two possibilities exist: either we are alone in the Universe or we are not. Both are equally terrifying.
It is said that your life flashes before your eyes just before you die. That is true, it's called Life.
Remember: the time you feel lonely is the time you most need to be by yourself. Life's cruelest irony.
People are afraid of themselves, of their own reality
Life is pain, highness. Anyone who says differently is selling something.
Take responsibility of your own happiness, never put it in other people’s hands.
Be the reason someone smiles. Be the reason someone feels loved and believes in the goodness in people.
If you love somebody, let them go, for if they return, they were always yours. If they don't, they never were.
Be mindful. Be grateful. Be positive. Be true. Be kind.
Life's under no obligation to give us what we expect.
It’s only after you’ve stepped outside your comfort zone that you begin to change, grow, and transform.
The past is a place of reference, not a place of residence
Unbeing dead isn't being alive.
Sometimes our light goes out, but is blown again into instant flame by an encounter with another human being.
Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular.
Some people have lives
Tell the truth, or someone will tell it for you.
Don’t waste your time in anger, regrets, worries, and grudges. Life is too short to be unhappy.
Life is for the living.Death is for the dead.Let life be like music. And death a note unsaid.
Life becomes easier and more beautiful when we can see the good in other people.
A woman has to live her life, or live to repent not having lived it.
The true soldier fights not because he hates what is in front of him, but because he loves what is behind him.
Do I not destroy my enemies when I make them my friends?
The most wasted of all days is one without laughter.
The more I see, the less I know for sure.
If I can stop one heart from breaking, I shall not live in vain.
He who has a why to live for can bear almost any how.
You cannot control the behavior of others, but you can always choose how you respond to it.
Life is to be enjoyed, not endured
Make improvements, not excuses. Seek respect, not attention.
Live to the point of tears.
I go to seek a Great Perhaps.
Pursue what catches your heart, not what catches your eyes.
Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them.
No matter how much suffering you went through, you never wanted to let go of those memories.
This is your life and its ending one moment at a time.
Don't take life too seriously. Punch it in the face when it needs a good hit. Laugh at it.
Learn to light a candle in the darkest moments of someone’s life. Be the light that helps others see
No amount of regretting can change the past, and no amount of worrying can change the future.
Treat everyone with politeness and kindness, not because they are nice, but because you are.
Start each day with a positive thought and a grateful heart.
أحيانًا يساعدنا الآخرون بأن يكونوا فى حياتنا فحسب
Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.
Follow your heart, listen to your inner voice, stop caring about what others think.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
Don't be afraid of death
Even death has a heart.
Don't part with your illusions. When they are gone you may still exist, but you have ceased to live.
People say that life is the thing, but I prefer reading.
It was not the feeling of completeness I so needed, but the feeling of not being empty.
To say goodbye is to die a little.
I'm sure the universe is full of intelligent life. It's just been too intelligent to come here.
That it will never come again is what makes life so sweet.
Biology gives you a brain. Life turns it into a mind.
Books say: She did this because. Life says: She did this. Books are where things are explained to you
If you ask me what I came to do in this world, I, an artist, will answer you: I am here to live out loud.
Be brave to stand for what you believe in even if you stand alone.
I've got nothing to do today but smile.
The past has no power over the present moment.
Don't waste your time with explanations: people only hear what they want to hear.
Was it hard?" I ask.Letting go?"Not as hard as holding on to something that wasn't real.
You will find that it is necessary to let things go
A learning experience is one of those things that says, 'You know that thing you just did? Don't do that.
Life is a series of natural and spontaneous changes. Don't resist them
Maybe everyone can live beyond what they're capable of.
You realize that our mistrust of the future makes it hard to give up the past.
Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.
A good traveler has no fixed plans and is not intent on arriving.
Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.
Always find opportunities to make someone smile, and to offer random acts of kindness in everyday life.
You endure what is unbearable, and you bear it. That is all.
We do not grow absolutely, chronologically. We grow sometimes in one dimension, and not in another
A purpose of human life, no matter who is controlling it, is to love whoever is around to be loved.
You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection
Wisdom comes from experience. Experience is often a result of lack of wisdom.
Appear weak when you are strong, and strong when you are weak.
In a time of destruction, create something.
You can have it all. Just not all at once.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
No persons are more frequently wrong, than those who will not admit they are wrong.
One of the advantages of being disorganized is that one is always having surprising discoveries.
The more you know who you are, and what you want, the less you let things upset you.
There is only one sin. and that is theft... when you tell a lie, you steal someones right to the truth.
Cry. Forgive. Learn. Move on. Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness.
When we least expect it, life sets us a challenge to test our courage and willingness to change
Time doesn’t heal emotional pain, you need to learn how to let go.
How nice -- to feel nothing, and still get full credit for being alive.
To shine your brightest light is to be who you truly are.
Be thankful for everything that happens in your life
The trouble is if you don’t spend your life yourself, other people spend it for you.
I like flaws. I think they make things interesting.
Sometimes you have to lose all you have to find out who you truly are.
Great things happen to those who don't stop believing, trying, learning, and being grateful.
There are two means of refuge from the misery of life — music and cats.
Life is not a matter of holding good cards, but of playing a poor hand well.
You are not rich until you have a rich heart.
Stop comparing yourself to other people, just choose to be happy and live your own life.
You never change your life until you step out of your comfort zone
To choose doubt as a philosophy of life is akin to choosing immobility as a means of transportation.
Better to die fighting for freedom then be a prisoner all the days of your life.
There's nowhere you can be that isn't where you're meant to be...
They say I'm old-fashioned, and live in the past, but sometimes I think progress progresses too fast!
I could die for you. But I couldn't, and wouldn't, live for you.
Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom.
I'm killing time while I wait for life to shower me with meaning and happiness.
Let the improvement of yourself keep you so busy that you have no time to criticize others.
Be thankful for what you have
A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all.
Luxury is not a necessity to me, but beautiful and good things are.
You get what anybody gets - you get a lifetime.
Maybe this world is another planet’s hell.
Do you not see how necessary a world of pains and troubles is to school an intelligence and make it a soul?
Death is so terribly final, while life is full of possibilities.
I am awfully greedy
It is not the length of life, but the depth.
Life doesn't imitate art, it imitates bad television.
Help others without any reason and give without the expectation of receiving anything in return.
Life has no remote....get up and change it yourself!
Sometimes it takes a good fall to really know where you stand
Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself.
Your emotions are the slaves to your thoughts, and you are the slave to your emotions.
Be steady and well-ordered in your life so that you can be fierce and original in your work.
Tiger got to hunt, bird got to fly
When you consider things like the stars, our affairs don't seem to matter very much, do they?
If a man will begin with certainties, he shall end in doubts
I'll try anything once, twice if I like it, three times to make sure.
What a strange thing!to be alivebeneath cherry blossoms.
Ordinary life is pretty complex stuff.
It’s your life
Life is to be lived, not controlled
The secret of life is honesty and fair dealing. If you can fake that, you've got it made.
Life has become immeasurably better since I have been forced to stop taking it seriously.
My only advice is to stay aware, listen carefully, and yell for help if you need it.
The more you feed your mind with positive thoughts, the more you can attract great things into your life.
If you can't change your fate, change your attitude.
Death is Peaceful, Life is Harder
When I look in the mirror, I know I’m looking at someone who isn’t sure she deserves to be loved at all.
After all, tomorrow is another day!
To acquire the habit of reading is to construct for yourself a refuge from almost all the miseries of life.
Face your life, its pain, its pleasure, leave no path untaken.
The real things haven't changed. It is still best to be honest and truthful
Sometimes the right thing feels all wrong until it is over and done with.
Happiness depends on your mindset and attitude.
So it’s true, when all is said and done, grief is the price we pay for love.
Life isn't fair, it's just fairer than death, that's all.
Living is Easy with Eyes Closed.
I live in my own little world. But its ok, they know me here.
لا أخاف الموت ..أخاف أن أموت قبل أن أحيا
The difference between fiction and reality? Fiction has to make sense.
Death is not the opposite of life, but a part of it.
No sympathy for the devil
Despite your best efforts, people are going to be hurt when it's time for them to be hurt.
Do what you love, love what you do, and with all your heart give yourself to it.
You live but once
That's what people do who love you. They put their arms around you and love you when you're not so lovable.
The right thing and the easy thing are never the same.
We cannot change the cards we are dealt, just how we play the hand.
Now and then it's good to pause in our pursuit of happiness and just be happy.
Unexpected intrusions of beauty. This is what life is.
There is no good and evil, there is only power and those too weak to seek it.
I'd learned that some things are best kept secret.
Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It's the transition that's troublesome.
Whoever saves one life, saves the world entire.
There’s no such thing as ruining your life. Life’s a pretty resilient thing, it turns out.
Growing up is losing some illusions, in order to acquire others.
If you believe very strongly in something, stand up and fight for it.
why are trying so hard to fit in, when you're born to stand out
She burned too bright for this world.
Life is worth living as long as there's a laugh in it.
I think I've discovered the secret of life -- you just hang around until you get used to it.
No man ever steps in the same river twice, for it's not the same river and he's not the same man.
There is not a particle of life which does not bear poetry within it
Dear God," she prayed, "let me be something every minute of every hour of my life. Let me be gay
Let me be, was all I wanted. Be what I am, no matter how I am.
But how could you live and have no story to tell?
The outer world is a reflection of the inner world. Other people’s perception of you is a reflection of them
What good is the warmth of summer, without the cold of winter to give it sweetness.
Don't be afraid of enemies who attack you. Be afraid of the friends who flatter you.
Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced.
Almost nobody dances sober, unless they happen to be insane.
In the name of God, stop a moment, cease your work, look around you.
Man is condemned to be free
When you arise in the morning think of what a privilege it is to be alive, to think, to enjoy, to love ...
The trouble with being in the rat race is that even if you win, you're still a rat.
Always remember people who have helped you along the way, and don’t forget to lift someone up.
The only person who can pull me down is myself, and I'm not going to let myself pull me down anymore.
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why.
One lives in the hope of becoming a memory.
If you want to make God laugh, tell him about your plans.
A man with outward courage dares to die
I think that we are like stars. Something happens to burst us open
Accept what life offers you and try to drink from every cup. All wines should be tasted
How people treat you is their karma
There is nothing more rare, nor more beautiful, than a woman being unapologetically herself
The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams.
I live my life in widening circles that reach out across the world.
Smile more. Smiling can make you and others happy.
There are two tragedies in life. One is to lose your heart's desire. The other is to gain it.
The meaning of life is that it stops.
Never complain, never explain. Resist the temptation to defend yourself or make excuses.
Sometimes the hardest part isn't letting go but rather learning to start over.
Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses, and start making changes.
Many people die at twenty five and aren't buried until they are seventy five.
Never stop dreaming, never stop believing, never give up, never stop trying, and never stop learning.
As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live.
Strong people have a strong sense of self-worth and self-awareness
The world is a tragedy to those who feel, but a comedy to those who think.
Develop an interest in life as you see it
Nothing ever happens like you imagine it will
The problem with people is they forget that most of the time it's the small things that count.
Sometimes all a person wants is an empathetic ear
When the going gets tough, put one foot in front of the other and just keep going. Don’t give up.
Simplicity is the keynote of all true elegance.
Pull up a chair. Take a taste. Come join us. Life is so endlessly delicious.
I believe there is another world waiting for us. A better world. And I'll be waiting for you there.
You're on Earth. There's no cure for that.
At the end of the day, let there be no excuses, no explanations, no regrets.
You've a good heart. Sometimes that's enough to see you safe wherever you go. But mostly, it's not.
We could do it, you know.""What?""Leave the district. Run off. Live in the woods. You and I, we could make it.
The aim of life is to live, and to live means to be aware, joyously, drunkenly, serenely, divinely aware.
To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already 3-parts dead.
Who says life is fair, where is that written?
It all goes away. Eventually, everything goes away.
Life's as kind as you let it be.
Is this thing safe?""Safe as life," Gansey replied.
Life ... is a taleTold by an idiot, full of sound and fury,Signifying nothing.
It's not the men in your life that matters, it's the life in your men.
It's better to burn out than to fade away.
If you have a strong purpose in life, you don't have to be pushed. Your passion will drive you there.
I envy people that know love. That have someone who takes them as they are.
Scar tissue is stronger than regular tissue. Realize the strength, move on.
You cannot change what you are, only what you do.
Parents were the only ones obligated to love you
When a woman becomes her own best friend life is easier.
Human life is but a series of footnotes to a vast obscure unfinished masterpiece
Those who are willing to be vulnerable move among mysteries.
Every luxury must be paid for, and everything is a luxury, starting with being in this world.
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass...It's about learning to dance in the rain.
What would come, would come...and you would have to meet it, when it did.
I learned this, at least, by my experiment
You must learn to let go. Release the stress. You were never in control anyway.
How much I missed, simply because I was afraid of missing it.
I will not try to convince you to love me, to respect me, to commit to me. I deserve better than that
Friends are the family you choose (~ Nin/Ithilnin, Elven rogue).
Life is too short, or too long, for me to allow myself the luxury of living it so badly.
One always has a better book in one's mind than one can manage to get onto paper.
Alone we can do so little
I'm sorry for my inability to let unimportant things go, for my inability to hold on to the important things.
Time takes it all, whether you want it to or not.
To perceive is to suffer.
My body is my journal, and my tattoos are my story.
Our life is what our thoughts make it.
Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive.
I'm not in search of sanctity, sacredness, purity
Oh, Life, I am yours. Whatever it is you want of me, I am ready to give.
Do not wait for the last judgment. It comes every day.
Keep your best wishes, close to your heart and watch what happens
Nothing can disturb your peace of mind unless you allow it to.
Life is a comedy to those who think, a tragedy to those who feel.
الإكتشاف ليس أن تجد أرضاً جديدة .. وإنما أن ترى بعيون جديدة
Kindness is not a business. True kindness expects nothing in return and should never act with conditions.
My one regret in life is that I am not someone else.
Life, although it may only be an accumulation of anguish, is dear to me, and I will defend it.
He's not your prince charming if he doesn't make sure you know that you're his princess.
When you can live forever what do you live for?
We’re here, and then we’re gone, and it’s not about the time we’re here, but what we do with the time.
Don't leave a piece of jewelry at his house so you can go back and get it later
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.
People are unhappy when they get something too easily. You have to sweat--that's the only moral they know.
Do not let arrogance go to your head and despair to your heart
nothing in this world was more difficult than love.
Courage is feeling fear, not getting rid of fear, and taking action in the face of fear.
However mean your life is, meet it and live it
Happiness is not a goal...it's a by-product of a life well lived.
I see it all perfectly
It is important that we forgive ourselves for making mistakes. We need to learn from our errors and move on.
When the going gets weird, the weird turn professional.
Closed in a room, my imagination becomes the universe, and the rest of the world is missing out.
You were given life
Our lives are not as limited as we think they are
Love is our true destiny. We do not find the meaning of life by ourselves alone - we find it with another.
Just living is not enough," said the butterfly, "one must have sunshine, freedom, and a little flower.
My life didn't please me, so I created my life.
No! Try not. Do, or do not. There is no try.
Knowledge, like air, is vital to life. Like air, no one should be denied it.
Your life is an occasion. Rise to it.
There's nothing more embarrassing than to have earned the disfavor of a perceptive animal.
Guard well your thoughts when alone and your words when accompanied.
You cannot change anyone, but you can be the reason someone changes.
To have what you have never had, you have to do what you have never done.
You are in charge of your own happiness
Of all creatures that breathe and move upon the earth, nothing is bred that is weaker than man.
The only way to survive eternity is to be able to appreciate each moment.
It wasn’t my day. My week. My month. My year. My life. God damn it.
Whenever something bad happens, keep calm, take a few deep breaths and shift the focus to something positive.
There is nothing more frightful than ignorance in action.
Action expresses priorities.
ما تبحث عنه يبحث عنك
A fit, healthy body—that is the best fashion statement
People say that eyes are windows to the soul.
Growing up happens when you start having things you look back on and wish you could change -Clary Fray
I don't want to achieve immortality through my work
The surest way to make your dreams come true is to live them.
If you hang out with chickens, you're going to cluck and if you hang out with eagles, you're going to fly.
There are ships sailing to many ports, but not a single one goes where life is not painful.
Sacrifice is a part of life. It's supposed to be. It's not something to regret. It's something to aspire to.
It was always the becoming he dreamed of, never the being.
Your conscience is the measure of the honesty of your selfishness.Listen to it carefully.
If you've never eaten while crying you don t know what life tastes like.
Our lives are defined by opportunities, even the ones we miss.
I have often wished I had time to cultivate modesty...But I am too busy thinking about myself.
Very occasionally, if you pay really close attention, life doesn't suck.
Yea, all things live forever, though at times they sleep and are forgotten.
Cynics are simply thwarted romantics.
You do not immortalize the lost by writing about them. Language buries, but does not resurrect.
We are all connected
Always have a willing hand to help someone, you might be the only one that does.
Great leaders create more leaders, not followers.
Even for me life had its gleams of sunshine.
The cosmos is within us. We are made of star-stuff. We are a way for the universe to know itself.
Marry, and you will regret it
Remember that everyone you meet is afraid of something, loves something and has lost something.
In all of living, have much fun and laughter. Life is to be enjoyed, not just endured.
الندم هو صوت الفطرة لحظة الخطأ
The person you became with her is worth being.
I woke up as the sun was reddening
It is wise to direct your anger towards problems -- not people
If there were such a thing as terminal literalism, you'd have died in childhood.
Follow your bliss and the universe will open doors for you where there were only walls.
Nobody wants to be here and nobody wants to leave.
Art is the proper task of life. 
Oh, don't cry, I'm so sorry I cheated so much, but that's the way things are.
When things go wrong, don't go with them.
How far that little candle throws his beams! So shines a good deed in a weary world.
The best of us must sometimes eat our words.
Life will not break your heart. It'll crush it.
Amor Fati – “Love Your Fate”, which is in fact your life.
All human beings have three lives: public, private, and secret.
If your daily life seems poor, do not blame it
There was beauty in the idea of freedom, but it was an illusion. Every human heart was chained by love.
We are stuck with technology when what we really want is just stuff that works.
I want words at my funeral. But I guess that means you need life in your life.
Life doesn’t get easier or more forgiving, we get stronger and more resilient.
Some things you hear with your ears. Others, you hear with your heart.
Poetry is just the evidence of life. If your life is burning well, poetry is just the ash.
Then I discovered that being related is no guarantee of love!
I don't think that there are any limits to how excellent we could make life seem.
Just keep moving forward and don't give a shit about what anybody thinks. Do what you have to do, for you.
Earth's crammed with heaven...But only he who sees, takes off his shoes.
Most of the basic material a writer works with is acquired before the age of fifteen.
When a man cannot choose, he ceases to be a man.
To travel is to live.
A kind gesture can reach a wound that only compassion can heal.
Life isn't as serious as the mind makes it out to be.
Breathe. Let go. And remind yourself that this very moment is the only one you know you have for sure. 
This isn't life in the fast lane, it's life in the oncoming traffic.
The best way to predict your future is to create it.
When life gives you lemons, chunk it right back.
Cinema is the ultimate pervert art. It doesn't give you what you desire - it tells you how to desire.
No one here gets out alive.
And therein lies the whole of man's plight. Human time does not turn in a circle
A smart person knows how to talk. A wise person knows when to be silent.
At some point we all look up and realize we are lost in a maze.
Perhaps I know best why it is man alone who laughs
We demand rigidly defined areas of doubt and uncertainty!
If you don’t give up on something you truly believe in, you will find a way.
We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them.
Most everything you think you know about me is nothing more than memories.
The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate.
Taking pictures is savoring life intensely, every hundredth of a second.
 هكذا القاعدة دائماً ..تأتى الفرص لمن لا يريدها 
When you hold a grudge, you want someone else’s sorrow to reflect your level of hurt but the two rarely meet.
Those who will not reason, are bigots, those who cannot, are fools, and those who dare not, are slaves.
There is more to life than simply increasing its speed.
You can live your whole life not realizing that what you're looking for is right in front of you.
The great object of life is sensation- to feel that we exist, even though in pain.
I seem to have run in a great circle, and met myself again on the starting line.
Never let hard lessons harden your heart
Don't confuse poor decision-making with destiny. Own your mistakes. It’s ok
Focus on your goals, not your fear. Focus like a laser beam on your goals.
Though the road's been rocky it sure feels good to me.
I'm the girl nobody knows until she commits suicide. Then suddenly everyone had a class with her.
Art is to console those who are broken by life.
I am not the same having seen the moon shine on the other side of the world.
I don't know why we are here, but I'm pretty sure that it is not in order to enjoy ourselves.
Be the positive impact on the lives of others.
Take it moment by moment, and you will find that we are all, as I’ve said before, bugs in amber.
Be happy, but never satisfied.
They had an ordinary life, full of ordinary things—if love can ever be called that.
Strange, I thought, how you can be living your dreams and your nightmares at the very same time.
Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.
In the end, it wasn't death that surprised her but the stubbornness of life.
O Me! O life!... of the questions of these recurring
Integrity is doing the right thing when nobody's watching, and doing as you say you would do.
Life is a journey. Time is a river. The door is ajar
If you need something from somebody always give that person a way to hand it to you.
Hardships make or break people.
Turn your obstacles into opportunities and your problems into possibilities.
Dreams don't work unless you take action. The surest way to make your dreams come true is to live them.
I wish to weepbut sorrow isstupid.I wish to believebut belief is agraveyard.
How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives.
After all, what's a life, anyway? We're born, we live a little while, we die.
Life is a gift. Don't forget to live it.
May Light always surround you
Pulvis et umbra sumus. (We are but dust and shadow.)
There will be time, there will be timeTo prepare a face to meet the faces that you meet.
You don’t have to like someone, but you have to treat them as you wish to be treated.
If you don't know who you truly are, you'll never know what you really want.
What is called a reason for living is also an excellent reason for dying.
The more I live, the more I learn. The more I learn, the more I realize, the less I know.
You’re not obligated to win. You’re obligated to keep trying. To the best you can do everyday.
You are -- your life, and nothing else.
Life gives us choices. You either grab on with both hands and just go for it, or you sit on the sidelines.
It is a very funny thing that the sleepier you are, the longer you take about getting to bed.
Let today be the day you stop being haunted by the ghost of yesterday. Holding a grudge 
People die, I think, but your relationship with them doesn't. It continues and is ever-changing.
Some things cannot be taught
We never know which lives we influence, or when, or why.
and when all the wars are over, a butterfly will still be beautiful.
Dreams are necessary to life.
Writing is a form of therapy
People rarely bring flowers to a suicide.
Independence is my happiness, and I view things as they are, without regard to place or person
There are many things worth living for, a few things worth dying for, and nothing worth killing for.
Losing your life is not the worst thing that can happen. The worst thing is to lose your reason for living.
Most of us must learn to love people and use things rather than loving things and using people.
Learning to distance yourself from all the negativity is one of the greatest lessons to achieve inner peace.
A single death is a tragedy
It takes sunshine and rain to make a rainbow. There would be no rainbows without sunshine and rain.
All knowledge is worth having.
I am afraid. Not of life, or death, or nothingness, but of wasting it as if I had never been.
The worst memories stick with us, while the nice ones always seem to slip through our fingers.
One half of the world cannot understand the pleasures of the other.
Our battered suitcases were piled on the sidewalk again
My destination is no longer a place, rather a new way of seeing.
I don't want to live, I want to love first and live incidentally.
Life, unfortunately, doesn't seem to care what we want.
When one has a grateful heart, life is so beautiful.
Never allow a person to tell you no who doesn't have the power to say yes.
Life is a tapestry woven by the decisions we make.
If the path before you is clear, you're probably on someone else's.
If you live each day as it was your last, someday you'll most certainly be right
Until you step into the unknown, you don’t know what you’re made of.
He had the look of one who had drunk the cup of life and found a dead beetle at the bottom.
If you can’t save your own life, is it even worth saving?
Life is nothing without a little chaos to make it interesting.
The hardest thing about the road not taken is that you never know where it might have led.
Hearing voices no one else can hear isn't a good sign, even in the wizarding world.
The mistakes I've made are dead to me. But I can't take back the things I never did.
How can I go forward when I don't know which way I'm facing?
The world changes, we do not, therein lies the irony that kills us.
Nothing makes a person happier than having a happy heart.
We should forgive our enemies, but not before they are hanged
The camera is an instrument that teaches people how to see without a camera.
Failure is a bend in the road, not the end of the road. Learn from failure and keep moving forward.
It takes guts and humility to admit mistakes. Admitting we're wrong is courage, not weakness.
Be still, sad heart! and cease repining
Look. I have a strategy. Why expect anything? If you don’t expect anything, you don’t get disappointed.
Don’t wait for things to happen. Make them happen.
How quick come the reasons for approving what we like.
How can I be substantial if I do not cast a shadow? I must have a dark side also If I am to be whole.
What you stay focused on will grow.
Let me give you a tip on a clue to men's characters: the man who damns money has obtained it dishonorably
Despair is the price one pays for self-awareness. Look deeply into life, and you'll always find despair.
You were made by God and for God and until you understand that, life will never make sense.
من نمّ لك نمّ بك, ومن نقل إليك نقل عنك, ومن إذا أرضيته فقال ماليس فيك, كذلك إذا أغضبته قال فيك ماليس فيك.
Books can be dangerous. The best ones should be labeled ‘This could change your life’.
Gratitude builds a bridge to abundance.
Stop doing what is easy. Start doing what is right.
Don't own so much clutter that you will be relieved to see your house catch fire.
اذا لم تزد على الحياة شيئاً تكن أنت زائداً عليها
The beautiful journey of today can only begin when we learn to let go of yesterday.
Power does not corrupt. Fear corrupts... perhaps the fear of a loss of power.
The aim of life is self-development. To realize one's nature perfectly - that is what each of us is here for.
Don't wait for the right moment to start, start and make each moment right.
Good people see the good and bring out the best in other people.
Those who hurt others will also hurt themselves.
Good things happen in your life when you surround yourself with positive people.
You can't be brave if you've only had wonderful things happen to you.
When a man learns to love, he must bear the risk of hatred.
What do you most value in your friends?Their continued existence.
The goal of life is to make your heartbeat match the beat of the universe, to match your nature with Nature.
We should count time by heart-throbs. He most lives,Who thinks most, feels noblest, acts the best.
So much working, reading, thinking, living to do! A lifetime is not long enough.
You made me feel alive again.
All the world's a stage and most of us are desperately unrehearsed.
Berterimakasihlah pada segala yang memberi kehidupan.
Is life not a thousand times too short for us to bore ourselves?
Happiness was but the occasional episode in a general drama of pain.
There is no escape—we pay for the violence of our ancestors.
I do not believe anyone can be perfectly well, who has a brain and a heart
You were born to stand out, stop trying to fit in.
You will never follow your own inner voice until you clear up the doubts in your mind.
We cast a shadow on something wherever we stand, and it is no good moving from place to place to save things
We are unusual and tragic and alive.
Unrequited love is the infinite curse of a lonely heart.
Sometimes life is too hard to be alone, and sometimes life is too good to be alone.
Don't live down to expectations. Go out there and do something remarkable.
One swallow does not make a summer, neither does one fine day
Do not let the roles you play in life make you forget who you are.
Your "I CAN" is more important than your IQ.
Life is more or less a lie, but then again, that's exactly the way we want it to be.
This is how the entire course of a life can be changed: by doing nothing.
Life is full of misery, loneliness, and suffering - and it's all over much too soon.
One way of looking at speech is to say that it is a constant stratagem to cover nakedness.
Life belongs to the living, and he who lives must be prepared for changes.
It might be possible that the world itself is without meaning.
Without music, life would be a blank to me.
You need to spend time crawling alone through shadows to truly appreciate what it is to stand in the sun.
Change may not always bring growth, but there is no growth without change.
Let go of something old that no longer serves you in order to make room for something new.
Moral wounds have this peculiarity - they may be hidden, but they never close
Beliefs are choices. First you choose your beliefs. Then your beliefs affect your choices.
Some beautiful paths can't be discovered without getting lost.
Enjoy life. There's plenty of time to be dead.
Books say: She did this because. Life says: She did this. Books are where things are explained to you
If you try to change it, you will ruin it. Try to hold it, and you will lose it.
Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood.
Life is not like water. Things in life don't necessarily flow over the shortest possible route.
We can never judge the lives of others, because each person knows only their own pain and renunciation.
I think that you’ve got to make something that pleases you and hope that other people feel the same way.
It doesn't matter where you are coming from. All that matters is where you are going.
Life is hard. After all, it kills you.
When you take control of your attitude, you take control of your life.
All that happens means something
Life is but a day
The beautiful is always bizarre.
You need to find a way to live your life, that it doesn't make a mockery of your values.
Dogs are not our whole life, but they make our lives whole.
Clocks slay time... time is dead as long as it is being clicked off by little wheels
Truth is not something outside to be discovered, it is something inside to be realized.
Your time is way too valuable to be wasting on people that can't accept who you are.
...when pain is over, the remembrance of it often becomes a pleasure.
Life is short. Focus on what really matters most. You have to change your priorities over time.
To care about your outward appearance is important, but what’s more important is to have a beautiful soul.
People don’t like to think, if one thinks, one must reach conclusions. Conclusions are not always pleasant.
It doesn't matter how many people you meet in your life
Sharing tales of those we've lost is how we keep from really losing them.
It can only take a moment to waste the rest of your life.
Stop doing what is easy or popular. Start doing what is right.
Tears are words the heart can't express
There's no advantage to hurrying through life." -Shikamaru Nara
One of the best ways to influence people is to make them feel important.
He is terribly afraid of dying because he hasn’t yet lived.
My past has not defined me, destroyed me, deterred me, or defeated me
One does no question miracles, or complain that they are no constructed perfectly to one's liking.
My head’ll explode if I continue with this escapism.
Well, I like to eat, sleep, drink, and be in love.I like to work, read, learn, and understand life.
When you make a choice, you change the future.
To learn something new, you need to try new things and not be afraid to be wrong.
Live or die, but don't poison everything.
If we admit that human life can be ruled by reason, then all possibility of life is destroyed.
Wanting him to come back before anyone notices part of the world has not moved since he left.
Another world is not only possible, she is on her way. On a quiet day, I can hear her breathing.
Chocolate says "I'm sorry" so much better than words.
Hobbes: Do you think there's a God?Calvin: Well, somebody's out to get me!
Nostalgia in reverse, the longing for yet another strange land, grew especially strong in spring.
Do you know what your problem is? You can't live with the idea that someone might leave.
It can take years to mold a dream. It takes only a fraction of a second for it to be shattered.
This is my simple religion. There is no need for temples
You were put on this earth to achieve your greatest self, to live out your purpose, and to do it courageously.
Life happens. Shit happens. And it happens a lot. To a lot of people.
When a stargirl cries, she sheds not tears but light.
But we can't go back. We can only go forward.
Obscurity and a competence—that is the life that is best worth living.
We all have two lives. The second one starts when we realize that we only have one.
Love is hard to find, hard to keep, and hard to forget.
In the end, the world always wins. That's just the way of things.
I think the highest and lowest points are the important ones. Anything else is just...in between.
Let all of life be an unfettered howl.
I scream for everything that has gone wrong. I scream for everything broken in our lives.
Most people overestimate what they can do in one year and underestimate what they can do in ten years.
It's important in life if you don't give a shit. It can help you a lot.
Whether we fall by ambition, blood, or lustLike diamonds we are cut with our own dust
Youth offers the promise of happiness, but life offers the realities of grief.
Stay strong, stay positive, and never give up.
One can be the master of what one does, but never of what one feels.
The universe may not always play fair, but at least it's got a hell of a sense of humor.
I will be stronger than my sadness.
Wisdom is knowing I am nothing,Love is knowing I am everything,and between the two my life moves.
Life is problems. Living is solving problems.
You can get all A's and still flunk life.
Consistency is the true foundation of trust. Either keep your promises or do not make them.
Part of me suspects that I'm a loser, and the other part of me thinks I'm God Almighty.
Shine your light and make a positive impact on the world
Changing is what people do when they have no options left.
Live fast. Die young. Be wild. Have fun.
Maybe everyone is just waiting for someone else to save them.
And life 
For a day, just for one day,Talk about that which disturbs no oneAnd bring some peace into yourBeautiful eyes.
I do not forget any good deed done to me 
I want someone whose heart is big enough to hold me.
Selling my soul would be a lot easier if I could just find it.
Life teaches us the right path is rarely the easy one.
Life is a blank canvas, and you need to throw all the paint on it you can.
It’s strange how dreams get under your skin and give your heart a test for what’s real and what’s imaginary.
People wait around too long for love. I'm happy with all of my lusts!
Man starts over again everyday, in spite of all he knows, against all he knows.
Dream your own dreams, achieve your own goals. Your journey is your own and unique.
In order to move on, you must understand why you felt what you did and why you no longer need to feel it.
No one else has access to the world you carry around within yourself
Do every act of your life as though it were the very last act of your life.
Life is like a beautiful melody, only the lyrics are messed up.
A bend in the road is not the end of the road…Unless you fail to make the turn.
Whoever loves becomes humble. Those who love have , so to speak , pawned a part of their narcissism.
As we go through life we gradually discover who we are, but the more we discover, the more we lose ourselves.
Be with someone who inspires you and makes you be the best version of yourself.
You were not born on earth to please anyone
Push your boundaries beyond the ordinary
For the things we have to learn before we can do them, we learn by doing them.
I feel sorry for anyone who is in a place where he feels strange and stupid.
I'm not crying because of you
Life is but a dream for the dead.
You have every right to a beautiful life.
All the world's a stage,And all the men and women merely players
Life is not complex. We are complex. Life is simple, and the simple thing is the right thing.
Never forget:we walk on hell,gazing at flowers.
My life is a reading list.
Pain or love or danger makes you real again....
How much you can learn when you fail determines how far you will go into achieving your goals.
Normal is an illusion. What is normal for the spider is chaos for the fly.
Wisdom is having things right in your lifeand knowing why.
You are a child of the universe, no less than the trees and the stars
The tragedy of life is what dies inside a man while he lives.
The right thing to do and the hard thing to do are usually the same.
It's good to do uncomfortable things. It's weight training for life.
Life is infinitely stranger than anything which the mind of man could invent.
No one ever does live happily ever after, but we leave the children to find that out for themselves.
A boo is a lot louder than a cheer.
Life—the way it really is—is a battle not between good and bad, but between bad and worse
You will suffer, son of Hades!’ What else is new? Nico thought.
Nothing in life is worth,turning your back on,if you love it.
If you only shine light on your flaws, all your perfects will dim.
Our lives can't be measured by our final years, of this I am sure.
The irony of life is that those who wear masks often tell us more truths than those with open faces.
Change course, but don’t give up.
Do your own thing on your own terms and get what you came here for
I believe in looking reality straight in the eye and denying it. 
What makes earth feel like hell is our expectation that it should feel like heaven.
We never live
A joke is a very serious thing.
We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures.
I only want to write. And there's no college for that except life.
Positive expectations are the mark of the superior personality.
Life will defend itself no matter how small it is.
In the Book of Life, The answers aren't in the back.
No one has ever achieved greatness without dreams.
I don’t want life to imitate art. I want life to be art.
It is in vain to say human beings ought to be satisfied with tranquility: they must have action
إحدى مشكلاتنا أن ذكرياتنا أكثر وضوحاً من أحلامنا
Can a person steal happiness? Or is just another internal, infernal human trick?
That's not a bad word...hate and war are bad words, but fuck isn't.
I am nothing more than the consequence of catastrophe.
The absence of the will to live is, alas, not sufficient to make one want to die.
Freedom is the only worthy goal in life. It is won by disregarding things that lie beyond our control.
The end is in the beginning and yet you go on.
Life is a bowl of cherries. Some cherries are rotten while others are good
You can have everything you want if you can put your heart and soul into everything you do.
Never lose faith in yourself, and never lose hope
I love you, even if there isn’t any me, or any love, or even any life. I love you.
No man ever threw away life while it was worth keeping.
An ability to look into the confusing mess of life and see things for what they are.
What I want is so simple I almost can't say it: elementary kindness.
Life would be unbearably dull if we had answers to all our questions.
If you can't do anything about it, laugh like hell.
Life is 10 percent what you make itand 90 percent how you take it.
Life is a drama full of tragedy and comedy. You should learn to enjoy the comic episodes a little more.
Don't blow off another's candle for it won't make yours shine brighter.
When we're connected to others, we become better people.
Failures are the stairs we climb to reach success.
Some things in life are too complicated to explain in any language.
It is life, I think, to watch the water. A man can learn so many things.
Life seems to go on without effort when I am filled with music.
But the only way never to do the wrong thing is never to do anything.
And though you think the world is at your feet, it can rise up and tread on you.
It is hard work and great art to make life not so serious.
Create a vision for the life you really want and then work relentlessly towards making it a reality.
Find a purpose to serve, not a lifestyle to live.
Live and act within the limit of your knowledge and keep expanding it to the limit of your life.
Beauty is a whore, I like money better.
Life’s greatest gift is the freedom it leaves you to step out of it whenever you choose.
Happiness is part of who we are. Joy is the feeling
Everyone has a past, but that's just it--it's in the past. You can learn from it, but you can't change it.
My point is, life is about balance. The good and the bad. The highs and the lows. The pina and the colada.
Life is too short when you think of the length of death
Going back to something is harder than you think.
Forget injuries, never forget kindnesses.
You wanted to feel alive, right? It doesn't matter if you're monster or human. Living hurts.
You can go your whole life collecting days, and none will outweigh the one you wish you had back.
No matter how much experience you have, there’s always something new you can learn and room for improvement.
Because horror on Earth is real and it is every day. It is like a flower or like the sun
Be where you are, stop over-thinking, and focus on what you are doing.
If you have a goal, write it down. If you do not write it down, you do not have a goal - you have a wish.
Love the trees until their leaves fall off, then encourage them to try again next year.
I have a deeply hidden and inarticulate desire for something beyond the daily life.
The greatest step towards a life of simplicity is to learn to let go.
Life is a long lesson in humility.
Life isn’t about what you get, it’s about what you DO with what you get.
When she is happy, she can't stop talking, when she is sad she doesn't say a word.
Now and then we had a hope that if we lived and were good, God would permit us to be pirates.
May you live as long as you wish and love as long as you live.
When you are measuring life, you are not living it.
Who would have guessed that four minutes could change everything?
One who makes himself a worm cannot complain afterwards if people step on him.
In the midst of life, we are in death.
Potential has a shelf life.
Love changes what is probable and makes unlikely things possible.
Dancers are the athletes of God.
My love is pizza shaped. Won’t you have a slice? It’s circular, so there’s enough to go around. 
I love the Lord, for he heard my voice
The Lord prefers common-looking people. That is why he made so many of them.
The fear of appearances is the first symptom of impotence.
I am not good at noticing when I'm happy, except in retrospect.
Here’s to freedom, cheers to art. Here’s to having an excellent adventure and may the stopping never start.
We should live our lives as though Christ was coming this afternoon.
Look for the good in every person and every situation. You'll almost always find it.
You don't ask people with knives in their stomachs what would make them happy
When you lose your smile, you lose your way in the chaos of life.
It's such a shame to waste time. We always think we have so much of it.
all of us have a place in history. mine is clouds.
If you care about something enough, you'll find a way to make it happen.
You know how both life and porno movies end. The only difference is life starts with the orgasm.
We do not learn from experience... we learn from reflecting on experience.
I'd found out that if you pushed people away hard enough, they tended to go.
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment
Life isn't worth living, unless it is lived for someone else.
I can't. You can't rewrite the past.
To overcome fear is the quickest way to gain your self-confidence.
Be careful the stories you're telling yourself about your current circumstances
At 50, everyone has the face he deserves.
L'éternité, c'est long ... surtout vers la fin.
While we try to teach our children all about life, our children teach us what life is all about.
Life is full of grief, to exactly the degree we allow ourselves to love other people.
Anything can happen in life, especially nothing.
Let go of something old that no longer serves you to make room for something new.
Don't Worry Be Happy
If you can't control your peanut butter, you can't expect to control your life.
I don’t chase after anyone, If you wanna walk out of my life, then I’ll hold the fucking door open for you.
There is no more profitable investment than investing in yourself. It is the best investment you can make
You can be young without money, but you can't be old without it.
To live is to war with trolls.
One of the greatest journeys in life is overcoming insecurity and learning to truly not give a shit.
Sorrow looks back, Worry looks around, Faith looks up
It is not worth the while to let our imperfections disturb us always.
Fate loves the fearless.
There is no such thing as work-life balance. Everything worth fighting for unbalances your life.
The true hypocrite is the one who ceases to perceive his deception, the one who lies with sincerity.
We live in a dark and romantic and quite tragic world.
One can be very much in love with a woman without wishing to spend the rest of one's life with her.
I came here looking for a Great Perhaps, for real friends and a more-than-minor life..
regret is mostly caused by not havingdone anything.
إن السعادة هي أن أشرب كوب شاي.. مع صديق.. في لحظة رضا.
You serve a greater cause. Your life is not yours to throw away (Magnus Bane)
Everything changes in my life, and the world stays the same.
I am old enough to know only too well my good and bad qualities, which were often one in the same.
You often meet your fate on the road you take to avoid it.
I do not love men: I love what devours them.
The trick is to enjoy life. Don't wish away your days, waiting for better ones ahead.
Focus on making yourself better, not on thinking that you are better.
Rise to the occassion which is life!
Sometimes things happen to people and they're not equipped to deal with them.
Please, touch me, I pray.
Oh threats of Hell and Hopes of Paradise!One thing at least is certain - This Life flies
We are the cosmos made conscious and life is the means by which the universe understands itself.
End? No, the journey doesn't end here. Death is just another path. One that we all must take.
Sometimes life happens.
Be so good they can't ignore you.
Never compete with someone who has nothing to lose.
The fact that life has no meaning is a reason to live --moreover, the only one.
No matter where you are, you're always a bit on your own, always an outsider.
I don't pray really, because I don't want to bore God.
Distance sometimes lets you know who is worth keeping, and who is worth letting go.
Life is more fun if you play games.
Life doesn't require ideals. It requires standards of action.
The connections we make in the course of a life--maybe that's what heaven is.
Do not look back and grieve over the past, for it is gone
You don’t get to pick where you’re from, but you always have control of where you’re going.
Life is partly what we make it, and partly what it is made by the friends we choose.
Disappointment came to me,and booted me,and bruised and hurt me,but that's how people grow up.
I made up my mind not to care so much about the destination, and simply enjoy the journey.
Maybe you could be mine / or maybe we’ll be entwined / aimless in this sexless foreplay.
Love and friendship. They are what make us who we are, and what can change us, if we let them.
The bounties of space, of infinite outwardness, were three: empty heroics, low comedy, and pointless death.
I had forgotten how much light there is in the world, till you gave it back to me.
Politeness is organized indifference.
What helps you persevere is your resilience and commitment.
My heart is afraid that it will have to suffer.
For those who believe, no proof is necessary. For those who don't believe, no proof is possible.
There are things you can't walk away from. Not if you want to live with yourself afterward.
You make the world a better place by making daily improvements to become the best version of yourself.
Each time we don't say what we wanna say, we're dying.
No matter how much you love someone, you still want to have you own way.
Everybody's damaged by something.
Accidents don't happen to people who take accidents as a personal insult.
I saw the world from the stars' point of view, and it looked unbearably lonely.
For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others
The world will give you that once in awhile, a brief timeout
Gamble everything for love, if you're a true human being.
Everything you want in life is a relationship away.
No matter how hard life is, don't lose hope
A kiss may ruin a human life
Some say life is the thing, but I prefer reading.
Home is where somebody notices when you are no longer there. 
Silence is argument carried out by other means.
The true mystery of the world is the visible, not the invisible.
You don't dwell on what you've lost, you just move on."-Allison
You look ridiculous if you danceYou look ridiculous if you don't danceSo you might as welldance.
A home filled with nothing but yourself. It's heavy, that lightness. It's crushing, that emptiness.
There's nothing wrong with not understanding yourself.
It would be so nice if something made sense for a change.
I like shape very much. A novel has to have shape, and life doesn't have any. 
Time ticks by
You are never alone. You are eternally connected with everyone.
Anyone who isn't embarrassed of who they were last year probably isn't learning enough.
If fate doesn't make you laugh, you just don't get the joke.
When you say "I" and "my" too much, you lose the capacity to understand the "we" and "our".
A woman laughing is a woman conquered.
We can't become what we need to be by remaining what we are.
Sometimes you have to be a bitch to get things done.
Timendi causa est nescire - Ignorance is the cause of fear.
If people make fun of you, that probably means you're doing something right.
Why did I write? Because I found life unsatisfactory.
Realize deeply that the present moment is all you will ever have.
Whatever is going to happen will happen, whether we worry or not.
Everything you do is triggered by an emotion of either desire or fear.
Sadly enough, the most painful goodbyes are the ones that are left unsaid and never explained.
The path to success is to take massive, determined action.
Keep good company, read good books, love good things and cultivate soul and body as faithfully as you can
Life is an adventure of passion, risk, danger, laughter, beauty, love
I need you to be happy. I need one of us to be happy.
When all else fails, there's always delusion.
We have to lie to ourselves to live. Otherwise, we'd go crazy.
A man travels the world over in search of what he needs and returns home to find it.
Love only grows by sharing. You can only have more for yourself by giving it away to others.
There's more to life than love.
It is beautiful, it is endless, it is full and yet seems empty. It hurts us.
There are some values that you should never compromise on to stay true to yourself
Single” is an opportunity to live life on your own terms and not apologize.
All I am is literature, and I am not able or willing to be anything else.
Life is a sexually transmitted disease and the mortality rate is one hundred percent.
Sometimes bad things have to happen before good things can.
That's the problem with memories: you can visit them, but you can't live in them.
People don't always want to be with people. It gets tiring.
What if I'm in charge of my own damn light switch?
Son, are you happy? I don't mean to pry,but do you dream of Heaven?Have you ever wanted to die?
I think, that if the world were a bit more like ComicCon, it would be a better place.
The reason why the universe is eternal is that it does not live for itself
Autobiography begins with a sense of being alone. It is an orphan form.
The best use of life is love. The best expression of love is time. The best time to love is now.
What we like to think of ourselves and what we really are rarely have much in common....
Life is a series of surprises and would not be worth taking or keeping if it were not.
And meanwhile time goes about its immemorial work of making everyone look and feel like shit.
There is neither happiness nor unhappiness in this world
I need to stop fantasizing about running away to some other life and start figuring out the one I have.
Life is like an onion
Life is, in fact, a battle. Evil is insolent and strong
Like gravity, karma is so basic we often don't even notice it.
Most of us have the good or bad fortune of seeing our lives fall apart so slowly we barely notice.
Perhaps it would be simpler if you just did what you're told and didn't try to understand things.
You have two choices, to conquer your fear or to let your fear conquer you.
I don't judge people. It blurs out the center of my attention,my focus, myself.
If you don’t like the road you’re walking, start paving another one.
Bring something incomprehensible into the world!
Life is like a play: it's not the length, but the excellence of the acting that matters.
I have stitched life into me like a rare organ--from "Three Women: A Poem for Three Voices", written 1962
The desire to love someone always exceeds the desire to be loved by someone 
You say freak, I say unique.
The moment you recognize what is beautiful in this world, you stop being a slave
I’m sort of… coming off a bad relationship”“When did it end?”“Slightly before it started.
If you're gonna burn a bridge behind you, make sure you've crossed it first.
Your greatest self has been waiting your whole life
Keep your promises and be consistent. Be the kind of person others can trust.
There is no standard normal. Normal is subjective. There are seven billion versions of normal on this planet.
Rise and rise again until lambs become lions
I am almost a hundred years old
I finally figured out the only reason to be alive is to enjoy it.
Life is a spark between two identical voids, the darkness before birth and the one after death.
Live free or die.
There are no second chances in life, except to feel remorse.
The spiritual life does not remove us from the world but leads us deeper into it
Life keeps throwing me lemons because I make the best lemonade...
Dying is only one thing to be sad over. Living unhappily is something else.
Let your life lightly dance on the edges of Time like dew on the tip of a leaf.
While there's life, there's hope.
Life is only precious because it ends, kid. Take it from a god. You mortals don't know how lucky you are
If you believe you can, you might. If you know you can, you will.
Our most significant opportunities will be found in times of greatest difficulty.
Nothing is built on stone
We can regard our life as a uselessly disturbing episode in the blissful repose of nothingness.
I wonder if I'll ever have to decide which is worse, life as we're living or no life at all.
I want to keep my dreams, even bad ones, because without them, I might have nothing all night long.
Most of what matters in our lives takes place in our absence.
You don't put your life into your books, you find it there.
Rules for happiness: something to do, someone to love, something to hope for.
Life is short. Focus on what really matters most
Everyday is a bank account, and time is our currency. No one is rich, no one is poor, we've got 24 hours each.
Rock 'n' roll is not red carpets and MySpace friends, rock'n'roll is dangerous and should piss people off
Opening up to the wrong person is like putting ammo in their hands.
If a man is to live, he must be all alive, body, soul, mind, heart, spirit.
Having perfected our disguise, we spend our lives searching for someone we don’t fool.
Life has but one true charm: the charm of the game. But what if we’re indifferent to whether we win or lose?
I was lost yesterday, I am found today and I will be forgotten tomorrow.
If you can spend a perfectly useless afternoon in a perfectly useless manner, you have learned how to live
The act of taking the first step is what separates the winners from the losers.
Life is so constructed, that the event does not, cannot, will not, match the expectation.
Sometimes you need a little crisis to get your adrenaline flowing and help you realize your potential.
She didn't read books so she didn't know that she was the world and the heavens boiled down to a drop.
Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the mext moment
How ridiculous and how strange to be surprised at anything which happens in life
A stumble may prevent a fall.
I knew it like destiny, and at the same time, I knew it as choice.
Don't wake me for the end of the world unless it has very good special effects.
What I am telling you, before you begin my story, is this -- two things: I crave truth. And I lie. 
No one escapes from life alive.
There's a race of men that don't fit in, A race that can't sit still
the world is not a pleasant place to be without someone to hold and be held by.
To leave, after all, was not the same as being left.
Because if you've found meaning in your life, you don't want to go back. You want to go forward.
If you don't learn to laugh at life it'll surely kill you, that I know.
You will receive everything you need when you stop asking for what you do not need
Before I can tell my life what I want to do with it, I must listen to my life telling me who I am.
You rely too much on brain. The brain is the most overrated organ.
This is the strangest life I have ever known.
Hate is nothing when weighed against survival. (Valentine)
في الطريق إلى قمة الجبل نحتاج إلى صديق حتى نشاركه روعة المنظر
If you cannot find peace within yourself, you will never find it anywhere else.
We all make choices, but in the end our choices make us.
Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay.
How easy it was to capitalize on a person’s own bent for self-destruction
CALVIN:As usual goodness hardly puts up a fight.
Wildflower
People who say that yesterday was better than today are ultimately devaluing their own existence.
I have lost and loved and won and cried myself to the person I am today.
Tried living in the real world instead of a shell, but I was bored before I even began.
Create your own miracles
The best stories don't come from "good vs. bad" but "good vs. good.
And all the lives we ever lived and all the lives to be are full of treesand changing leaves.
People are the most difficult thing in the world to change
من قال لك أن درب الجنة معبد بالورود؟
My hope still is to leave the world a bit better than when I got here.
Only after disaster can we be resurrected.
Hanya orang-orang dengan hati damailah yang boleh menerima kejadian buruk dengan lega.
In one drop of water are found all the secrets of all the oceans
Those who have failed to work toward the truth have missed the purpose of living.
All those who try to unveil the mysteries always have tragic lives. At the end they are always punished.
If you fuel your journey on the opinions of others, you are going to run out of gas.
Whatever you believe with feeling becomes your reality.
The ego relies on the familiar. It is reluctant to experience the unknown, which is they very essence of life.
Our lives were just beginning, our favorite moment was right now, our favorite songs were unwritten.
What a waste my life would be without all the beautiful mistakes I've made.
In wisdom gathered over time I have found that every experience is a form of exploration.
Don't forget, a person's greatest emotional need is to feel appreciated.
All paths are present, always... and we can but choose among them.
She supposed they were imperfections, those marks, but they didn't feel that way to her
Muscles aching to work, minds aching to create - this is man.
Whatever happens to your body, your soul will survive, untouched...
The life you have left is a gift. Cherish it. Enjoy it now, to the fullest. Do what matters, now.
Rule your mind or it will rule you.
Life takes a bit of time and a lot of relationship.
That's how it is on this bitch of an earth.
I met a boy whose eyes showed me that the past, present and future were all the same thing.
Per aspera ad astra, Papa,' I whispered. Through hardship to the stars.
The river is everywhere.
Life is a succesion of lessons which must be lived to be understood.
Life is for service.
My formula for life is very simple: in the morning, wake up
I will continue my path, but I will keep a memory always.
dont be afraid of death, be afraid of the unlived life.
In the haunted house of life, art is the only stair that doesn't creak.
Life swings like a pendulum backward and forward between pain and boredom.
What kind of life can you have in a house without books?
Even though our time in this life is temporary, if we live well enough, our legacy will last forever.
It frightens me, the awful truth, of how sweet life can be...
I've been embarrassing myself since about birth.
No human should mislead another by promising them something they know to be untrue.
It is a joy to be hidden, and disaster not to be found.
I don't know how I look, but I know how I feel: Young. Goofy. Infinite.
I always knew, on some level, that I wouldn't live long. It's simply not written in my stars.
Life is the farce we are all forced to endure.
the worst thing," he told me,"is bitterness, people end up sobitter.
The past can not be cured.
Don't leave it all unsaid,somewhere in the wasteland of your head.
The friends you make in college are friends you'll have for life, even if you don't talk for years at a time.
Life is life. You choose to live it or you do not.
Never stop smiling not even when you're sad, someone might fall in love with your smile.
Life is a winking light in the darkness.
To succeed in life, you need three things: a wishbone, a backbone and a funnybone.
It’s always about timing. If it’s too soon, no one understands. If it’s too late, everyone’s forgotten.
Dead people can be our heroes because they cant disappoint us later
Crying does not indicate that you are weak. Since birth, it has always been a sign that you are alive.
When terrible things have happened to you, sometimes the promise of something good can be just as frightening.
Quietly endure, silently suffer and patiently wait.
So shut up, live, travel, adventure, bless and don't be sorry
Until death it is all life
The key to life is accepting challenges. Once someone stops doing this, he's dead.
The best way to prepare for life is to begin to live.
Life is such a glorious trauma, is it not?
Suspect each moment, for it is a thief, tiptoeing away with more than it brings.
In this here place, we flesh
Life did not stop, and one had to live.
That woman doesn't have the sense God gave a retarded flea.
The world is wide, and I will not waste my life in friction when it could be turned into momentum. 
But what is life if you don't live it?
When nothing is sure, everything is possible.
Dogs are great. Bad dogs, if you can really call them that, are perhaps the greatest of them all.
Life is a moderately good play with a badly written third act.
Keep your friends close but your enemies closer.
Like madness is the glory of this life.
Spend the afternoon, you can't take it with you.
You can't do anything about the length of your life, but you can do something about its width and depth.
You must learn to forgive a man when he's in love. He's always a nuisance.
Tomorrow belongs to those who can hear it coming
Obligasyon kong maglayag, karapatan kong pumunta sa kung saan ko gusto, responsibilidad ko ang buhay ko. 
People are not lazy, they simply have impotent goals..that is..goals that do not inspire them.
Imagine others complexly.
Given that we can live only a small part of what there is in us -- what happens with the rest?
Sometimes life doesn't happen in chronological order.
I said "Somebody should do something about that." Then I realized I am somebody.
Your hand can seize today, but not tomorrow
Or, rather, let us be more simple and less vain.
Every man should lose a battle in his youth, so he does not lose a war when he is old.
Whoever debases others is debasing himself.
Through all of living have much joy and laughter, life is to be enjoyed, not just endured.
The Way is not in the sky
The demon that you can swallow gives you its power, and the greater life’s pain, the greater life’s reply.
In life, there are no mistakes, only lessons.
We cannot, after all, judge a biography by its length, by the number of pages in it
In heaven an angel is no one in particular.
It is a very natural human trait to destroy that which frightens us.
Even a snail will eventually reach its destination.
To be alive is to be missing.
You're always with yourself, so you might as well enjoy the company.
The spirit of a man is constructed out of his choices.
And you know, there's less charm in life when you think about death--but it's more peaceful.
Not in his speech, not in his thoughts, I see his greatness, only in his actions, in his life.
If one has no sense of humor, one is in trouble.
No matter what your history has been, your destiny is what you create today. What are you going to create?
Imitation is suicide.
If you want to be a grocer, or a general, or a politician, or a judge, you will invariably become it
People soon get tired of things that aren't boring, but not of what is boring.
Yet there are moments when the walls of the mind grow thin
Regrets are about decisions that you know you should have done different.
When you stop being afraid you feel good
Water and air, the two essential fluids on which all life depends, have become global garbage cans.
The joy in life is his who has the heart to demand it.
Ethical veganism results in a profound revolution within the individual
Leaders are limited by their vision rather than by their abilities.
If you are not the hero of your own story, then you're missing the whole point of your humanity.
Memory can make a thing seem to have been much more than it was.
All our knowledge has its origin in our perceptions
A lot of the conflict you have in your life exists simply because you're not living in alignment
I know I'm not going to be in your head all the time. But once you know me, I'll be forever in your heart. 
Every single time you help somebody stand up you are helping humanity rise.
A wind that blows aimlessly is no good to anyone.
I just want to do something that matters. Or be something that matters. I just want to matter.
You couldnt erase everything that caused you pain with recollection.Every memory was valuable
عندما تُسامح فإنك تتنازل عن غضبك للآخرين
For the first time in a long time, I want more than I have.
Life's pain. You just have to get over as much of it as you can.-Isabel Culpeper
To become vegetarian is to step towards the stream which leads to nirvana.
Life is ours to be spent, not tobe saved.
in a woman's womb.another chance.to make the world better.
What keeps life fascinating is the constant creativity of the soul.
Find ecstasy in life
A quitter never wins-and-a winner never quits.
You are always a little bit wrong
The shortness of life, so often lamented, may be the best thing about it.
I am still in the land of the dying
When you are living the best version of yourself, you inspire others to live the best versions of themselves.
People who keep stiff upper lips find that it's damn hard to smile.
I should have learned this, she thought. I wanted to learn fire, and pain, but I should have learned people.
It is your responsibility to find fault with me, it is mine to hear you out. But don't expect me to change.
I can't seem to be a pessimist long enough to overlook the possibility of things being overwhelmingly good.
A 'no' does not hide anything, but a 'yes' very easily becomes a deception.
But what are loyalty and caring really worth?""To me? Everything.
They're animals, all right. But why are you so goddam sure that makes us human beings?
If you care about someone enough, you’ll always be there for them no matter what.
Progress just means bad things happen faster.
People, in general, would rather die than forgive. It's that hard.
I feel like a big faker because I've been putting my life back together, and nobody knows.
Integrity is doing what is right and truthful, and doing as you say you would do.
It’s not so much the journey that’s important
Scars show us where we have been, they do not dictate where we are going.
Why not just live in the moment, especially if it has a good beat?
Poor creatures. What did we do to you? With all our schemes and plans?
Life sucks, and then you die.Yeah, I should be so lucky.
No, I regret nothing, all I regret is having been born, dying is such a long tiresome business I always found.
Never give up on anybody. Miracles happen everyday.
I tried to contain myself... but I escaped!
Life is half delicious yogurt, half crap, and your job is to keep the plastic spoon in the yogurt.
No matter how many people give me advice, I am going to do what my heart tells me to do
Until we can receive with an open heart, we are never really giving with an open heart.
Life has become the future. Every moment of your life is lived for the future.
...Life is much simpler if you don’t notice anything....
Life always begins with one step outside of your comfort zone.
Stop asking God to bless what you're doing. Find out what God's doing. It's already blessed.
What had human beings become? Did war make us evil or just activate an evil already lurking within us?
Each day is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift to Him.
There is strange comfort in knowing that no matter what happens today, the Sun will rise again tomorrow.
Know who you are, and be it. Know what you want, and go out and get it!
You’re frustrated because you keep waiting for the blooming of flowers of which you have yet to sow the seeds.
There is one who remembers the way to your door: Life you may evade, but Death you shall not.
Slowly, with many lost days, I come back to life.
I'm as cruel as life. As cruel as love.
Always choose the future over the past. What do we do now?
You're only young once, but you can be immature forever
I never approve, or disapprove, of anything now. It is an absurd attitude to take towards life.
I saw a star, I reached for it. I missed, so I accepted the sky
Life sucks, then you die. Then it sucks again. 
I regard the afterlife to be a fairy story for people that are afraid of the dark
It takes no more time to see the good side of life than to see the bad.
That I shall love always, I argue theethat love is life,and life hath immortality
Being born is like being kidnapped. And then sold into slavery.
The mind is a wonderful servant, but a terrible master.
..because never in my life have I ever been picked when there was another alternative.
Strange, what being forced to slow down could do to a person.
The main facts in human life are five: birth, food, sleep, love and death.
Desire is half of life
A person's rightful due is to be treated as an object of love, not as an object for use.
You didn't just cheat on me
We all give up great expectations along the way.
Nothing in this world compares to the comfort and security of having someone just hold your hand.
Anymore, no one's mind is their own.
عظيم هو الفرق بين إرادة العارف وإرادة الجاهل .وأنا جاهل يا ربّيوأنت وحدك العارف
I have to live if I want to be remembered.
Don't be afraid of the shadows, that only means there's a light nearby.
Do not worry about your life, what you will eat or drink
To live on a day-to-day basis is insufficient for human beings
it always sound scarier when a hollerer talk soft.
When life doesn't meet your expectations, it was important to take it with grace.
There are times I wish I were invisible. Which is silly, since I do everything I can to stand out.
The longer we live, the more weight we carry in our hearts.
Like a running blaze on a plain, like a flash of lightning in the clouds. We live in the flicker.
Timid men prefer the calm of despotism to the tempestuous sea of Liberty.
I can learn to live with guilt. I don't care about being good.
Birthdays could be such a bummer when you were older than the country you lived in.
They say that not matter how old you become, when you are with your siblings, you revert back to childhood.
Life is a dream from which we all must wake before we can dream again.
It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped. 
Knowing it and seeing it are two different things.
All the stuff you can’t wait to get away from, until it’s not there anymore, and then you miss it like crazy.
Do not become someone else just because you are hurt. Be who you are 
The level of success you achieve will be in direct proportion to the depth of your commitment.
Oh, for the years I have not lived, but only dreamed of living.
it takes as much courage to have tried and failed as it does to have tried and succeded.
You can't regret the life you didn't lead.
It's amazing how quickly nature consumes human places after we turn our backs on them. Life is a hungry thing.
There's two kinds of women--those you write poems about and those you don't.
Decide what you want to be....Pay the Price ...And be what you want to be.
Life was not longer something to endure, but to live. 
You just have to go after what you want and if it doesn't want you back then so be it
If we don't change, we don't grow. If we don't grow, we aren't really living.
The only certainty life contains is death.
This new day has greeted us with no rules
Holding a grudge 
One of the best ways to influence people is to make those around you feel important.
I had a dream about you last night.. you were holding a pine cone and introducing him as Gerald.
It’s life. You don’t figure it out. You just climb up on the beast and ride.
Something amazing happens when you're in love and don't give a damn about what day it is anymore.
It's faith in something and enthusiasm for something that makes a life worth living.
Rule of life. If you bother to ask someone’s advice, then bother to listen to it.
Love changes things
Be in love with your life, every detail of it.
There are two ways to live a life either forget everything or, remember nothing.
Life's not black-and-white. Sometimes the ends justifies the means.
The life so short, the craft so long to learn.
So, what is my story? I don't know. It's long and twisted and not quite finished yet.
Even if no salvation should come, I want to be worthy of it at every moment.
After all, if you run far enough, no one can catch you.
Man cries, his tears dry up and run out. So he becomes a devil, reduced to a monster.
I am a fashion person, and fashion is not only about clothes -- it's about all kinds of change
If you think something is missing in your life, it is probably YOU...
You don't win races by wishing, you win them by running faster than everyone else does.
There is no thing as a single-issue struggle because we do not live single-issue lives.
Don't let your luggage define your travels, each life unravels differently.
You have to rely on whatever sparks you have inside.
Everything will be alright in the end so if it is not alright it is not the end.
It is rare for people to be asked the question which puts them squarely in front of themselves
Life goes on. Get over it. You're still young. It'll get better. Blah, Blah, Blah
This is a wonderful day, I have never seen this one before.
May your life be filled, as mine has been, with love and laughter
الحقيقة صعبة وموحشة، لذلك يفضل الناس ألّا يعرفوها ويكتفون بما يفترضونه عنها، مكتفين بالصورة أو الظاهر منها!
I always felt like you had to be important to have enemies.
There is nothing perfect...only life.
God put us here, on this carnival ride. We close our eyes never knowing where it'll take us next.
Paper is more patient than man.
Somewhere between love and hate lies confusion, misunderstanding and desperate hope.
We just had a near-life experience!
Live your life. Be happy as you can be, let go of the things that don't matter, and fight.
Happiness is a state of mind, a choice, a way of living
An entire life spent reading would have fulfilled my every desire
I admire those who do good and expect nothing in return.
The only true borders lie between day and night, between life and death, between hope and loss.
Look beyond yourself..
I was not, I was, I am not, I care not. (Non fui, fui, non sum, non curo)
It's okay. We aren't in the same class. Just don't forget that some of us watch the sunset too.
Happiness does not come from without, it comes from within
Many things are not as they seem: The worst things in life never are.
Life is something that happens when you can't get to sleep.
Life starts out with everyone clapping when you take a poo and goes downhill from there. 
I just want someone to hear what I have to say. And maybe if I talk long enough, it’ll make sense.
Something that is yours forever is never precious
Anything that doesn't take years of your life and drive you to suicide hardly seems worth doing.
Being brave means that knowing when you fail, you won't fail forever.
Yesterday was a closed book, tomorrow, however, was another story.
Life is a waste of time and time is a waste of life, so let's all get wasted and have the time of our lives.
All evil is good become cancerous.
To escape fear, you have to go through it, not around.
I failed to communicate, that's why I chose to leave
Our love was a two-person game. At least until one of us died, and the other became a murderer. 
Sing your life
Those who don't jump will never fly.
To pay attention, this is our endless and proper work.
I can chase you, and I can catch you,but there is nothing I can do to make you mine.
I am my own experiment. I am my own work of art.
He who robs us of our dreams robs us of our life.
life and love are very precious when both are in full bloom.
Anything that you learn becomes your wealth, a wealth that cannot be taken away from you
Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons.
A life isn't measured in hours and minutes. It's the quality, not the length.
Our life is made by the death of others.
No new horror can be more terrible than the daily torture of the commonplace.
Nobody ever lives their life all the way up except bullfighters.
Life… For some it is battle for others its dance...For rich it is party for poor it is chance!
HOBBES:Virtue needs some cheaper thrills.
But to believe that getting stuff is the purpose and aim of life is madness. 
It's better to have a few faithful friends than numerous shallow friendships.
What was the point of even having a conversation when words couldn't be trusted?
Oh, God of Dust and Rainbows,Help us to seeThat without the dust the rainbowWould not be.
Don't set your goals by what other people deem important.
To be heroic is to be courageous enough to die for something
The people I distrust most are those who want to improve our lives but have only one course of action.
You know my name, not my story. You've heard what I've done, but not what I've been through.
You're here to be light, bringing out the God-colors in the world.(Matthew 5:14, The Message)
I wouldn't have missed a single minute of it, Not for the whole world.
Be a true Heart, not a follower.
Atheism, a religion dedicated to its own sense of smug superiority.
Properly practiced, knitting soothes the troubled spirit, and it doesn't hurt the untroubled spirit either.
Life is a perpetual yesterday for us.
Poetry is a way of taking life by the throat.
When was the last time you woke up and realized that today could be the best day of your life?
You live it forward, but understand it backward.
Every ounce of my cynicism is supported by historical precedent.
Lottery: A tax on people who are bad at math.
We started off trying to set up a small anarchist community, but people wouldn't obey the rules.
We fool ourselves so much we could do it for a living.
May all that have life be delivered from suffering
Art and life are subjective. Not everybody's gonna dig what I dig, but I reserve the right to dig it.
The greatest wealth is health
The whole house seemed to exhale a melancholy breath of emptiness
الحياة انتظار دائم لشيء جميل .
Morning will come, it has no choice.
Men's lives have meaning, not their deaths.
your life will not end with death. You are Immortal. You were always there and you always will be.
When you're the most happening person at the party, it's time to leave
Accidents happen. Our bones shatter, our skin splits, our hearts break. We burn, we drown, we stay alive.
You see, doing one thing differently is very often the same as doing everything differently.
Those guys who want to have the Mohawk...which, to me, is the new business casual.
The most important thing is this: to be able at any moment to be free to choose a life that makes you happy.
You had to risk your life to get love. You had to get right to the edge of death to ever be saved.
The life of every man is a diary in which he means to write one story, and writes another
I liked being a person. I wanted to keep at it.
I think of life as a good book. The further you get into it, the more it begins to make sense.
Kindness, I’ve discovered, is everything in life.
HOBBES:If you don't get a goodnight kiss you get Kafka dreams.
I have given my word that only death will take me from you.
I'll be happy if running and I can grow old together.
God made everything out of nothing. But the nothingness shows through.
Life is dear to every living thing
Your body is the church where Nature asks to be reverenced.
All art is but dirtying the paper delicately.
Everything seems simpler from a distance.
Please go for your dreams. Whatever your ideals, you can become whatever you want to become.
Our sweetest songs are those of saddest thought.
The world is merciless, and it's also very beautiful.
Oh sorry, I was taking life seriously.
Don't give up! It's not over. The universe is balanced. Every set-back bears with it the seeds of a come-back.
Because you can only die once but you can suffer forever.
Love me when I least deserve it, because that's when I really need it.
This worldthat was our homefor a brief spellnever brought us anythingbut pain and grief
Life is a dance. Mindfulness is witnessing that dance.
Everyone in this world is breathing borrowed air.
She laughed for her wasted, difficult life that never had to be wasted or difficult in the first place.
Excellence/Perfection is not a destination
Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realise they were the big things.
Man is the only animal that laughs and weeps
My biggest fault is that the faults I was born with grow bigger each year.
My heart is too thoroughly dried to be broken in a hurry, and I mean to live as long as I can.
Nobody is so busy that they can't make time for the people they really care about.
there's no clarity.there was never meant to be clarity.
The Rainy DayThe day is cold, and dark, and dreary
We remember the past, live in the present, and write the future.
Being liked for the way you looked is worse than not being liked at all.
Finding the lesson behind every adversity will be the one important thing that helps get you through it.
The only thing you have to do in this life is die," said Mrs. Pinsky..."everything else is a choice.
Skinny guys fight till they're burger.
A mistake isn’t a mistake unless it can’t be put right.
Because, sometimes, things happen to people and they're not equipped to deal with them.
الله عادل، لكن الحياة غير عادلة. الحياة ليست مكانًا للعدل، بل لاختبار حسّنا تجاهه
If my answers frighten you then you should cease asking scary questions.
The world's a puzzle
The seeker embarks on a journey to find what he wants and discovers, along the way, what he needs.
Cancel my subscription to the resurrection.
And there are really never endings, happy or otherwise.
I had a dream about you last night... you were a giant slinky and I watched you fall down the stairs.
Be the kind of person who dares to face life's challenges and overcome them rather than dodging them.
Sometimes it's the same moments that take your breath away that breathe purpose and love back into your life.
For a word to be spoken, there must be silence. Before, and after.
Now I've gone for too longLiving like I'm not aliveSo I'm going to start over tonightBeginning with you and I
The power of God is with you at all times
Remember that things are not always as they appear to be… Curiosity creates possibilities and opportunities.
Guilt results from unused life, from the unlived in us.
Living might mean taking chances, but they're worth taking. Loving might be a mistake. but its worth making
Toby Zeigler: There's literally no one in the world I don't hate right now.
For truth is always strange
Temptation is the feeling we get when encountered by an opportunity to do what we innately know we shouldn't.
They had, finally, the only thing anyone really wants in life: someone to hold your hand when you die.
It was the living who ignored the strange and wonderful, because life was too full of the boring and mundane.
Even death, faced with the option of death or life, she would choose life.
...because love is continual interrogation. I don't know of a better definition of love.
What am I dying for?
In a well-ordered universe...
If you own this story you get to write the ending.
Between living and dreaming there is a third thing. Guess it.
I want to Live! Not Die, Not Hide, LIVE!
The longing for Paradise is man's longing not to be man.
Life has no meaning, the moment you lose the illusion of being eternal.
I'm hungry for a juicy life. I lean out my window at night and I can taste it out there, just waiting for me.
On this road there are no godspoke men. They are gone and I am left and they have taken with them the world.
Life is hell, at some point we all just have to get used to it.
You make mistakes, mistakes don't make you
Often it feels like I am breathing today only because a few years back I had no idea which nerve to cut...
Life must go on
I had to philosophize. Otherwise, I could not live in this world.
Do good, live in the most positive and joyful way possible every day.
There is something incredibly nostalgic and significant about the annual cascade of autumn leaves.
Until you change how you get things done, you'll never know what works best.
Life is doubt,And faith without doubt is nothing but death.
It’s never overreacting to ask for what you want and need.
Each of us is a unique strand in the intricate web of life and here to make a contribution.
I heard an airplane passing overhead. I wished I was on it.
When mice run, cats give chase.
Most people gaze neither into the past nor the future
It was a melancholy secret that reality can arouse desires but never satisfy them.
We are the sum of all people we have ever met
Don't dwell on things. Don't stay in one place too long. It was the only way to stay ahead of sadness.
Cheat your landlord if you can -- and must -- but do not try to shortchange the Muse.
Knowing death is nearby gives you a chance to live...deliberately." -Tristan
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don’t try.
Things will get easier, people's minds will change, and you should be alive to see it.
Once your mindset changes, everything on the outside will change along with it.
We are star stuff harvesting sunlight.
The struggles we endure today will be the ‘good old days’ we laugh about tomorrow.
Pray for the dead and fight like hell for the living.
You are the only you ... You are the best you. You will always be the second best anyone else.
To live is to be haunted.
When God takes out the trash, don't go digging back through it. Trust Him.
You have succeeded in life when all you really WANT is only what you really NEED.
Simplify, simplify.
BRODIE:Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned for SEGA.
الصداقة باختصار هي إحدى إنجازاتنا الشخصية في هذه الحياة ..
Dedicate yourself to what gives your life true meaning and purpose
Non-judgment quiets the internal dialogue, and this opens once again the doorway to creativity.
Learning the truth has become my life's love.
Imagine no limitations
Clearly, America has no shortage of metaphorical opportunities for the poor.
You better start swimming, or you'll sink like a stone. Because the Time's they are a-changing.
Hidup hanya ada erti pada yang bahagia.
When you live for many hundreds of years, you know that every opportunity will come again.
My point is, that if I'm honest, my life is all about me.
In the end,The treasure of life is missed by those who hold on and gained by those who let go.
My life will be the best illustration of all my work.
There are always loose ends in real life.
You get what you give. What you put into things is what you get out of them.
It is difficult to make the right choice if you fear choosing wrongly.
Doubt is a question mark
A heart has problems which mind cannot understand.
Even as your body betrays you, your mind denies it.
Ah, Nothing is too late, till the tired heart shall cease to palpitate.
Wake up, Shake up, Make up and Break up
Because if you take a risk, you just might find what you're looking for.
How unhappy does one have to be before living seems worse than dying?
When your sad--like really sad--you only want to be with other people who are sad.
if i'm going to fuck up my life, does it really matter which way i do it?.
Thunderstorms are as much our friends as the sunshine.
Love is not a relationship, love is a state of being
If you have nothing in life but a good friend, you're rich.
Embrace the void and have the courage to exist.
Sometimes problems don’t require a solution to solve them
All I know is I make sense to me- it's other people who seem complicated.
True life lies in laughter, love and work.
At least one thing was consistent about her life: It just kept on getting more complicated.
my friends don't seem to be friends at all but people whose phone numbers I haven't lost.
The way you give your name to others is a measure of how much you like and respect yourself.
...people with nothing to declare carry the most.
Some people's lives seem to flow in a narrative
Those were strange days, now that I look back at them. In the midst of life, everything revolved around death.
There is no loss, if you cannot remember what you have lost.
I don’t know what it means to live.
I welcome questions. I hate assumptions.
Happiness is not the absence of problems
I don’t see myself being special
Stop giving your life away to other people.
This is not the end, this is not even the beginning of the end, this is just perhaps the end of the beginning.
Everything that had happened was shockingly beautiful, enough to make you crazy.
I've come to know that what we want in life is the greatest indication of who we really are.
I am not my body. My body is nothing without me.
Be happy -- if you're not even happy, what's so good about surviving?
Life is a train of moods like a string of beads
My name is Jimmy,but my friends just call methe hideous penguin boy.
There are two kinds of secrets. The ones we keep from others and the ones we keep from ourselves.
We each owe a death, there are no exceptions, I know that, but sometimes, oh God, the Green Mile is so long
Because no one needs to live for ever. I think that sometimes you can outstay your welcome.
Life itself is the proper binge.
People who fit don’t seek. The seekers are those that don’t fit.
I do not cling to life sufficiently to fear death.
The soul is like an uninhabited worldthat comes to life only whenGod lays His headagainst us.
Some of the most beautiful things we have in life comes from our mistakes.
Work harder on yourself than you do on your job.
If you say that you never lie in life,you honestly insult my intelligence.
Let us work without reasoning,' said Martin
I think there is a song out there to describe just about any situation.
Middle age has been defined as what happens when a person's broad mind and narrow waist change places.
Find a voice in a whisper.
The world is a prison in which solitary confinement is preferable.
Simplify your life. You don't grow spiritual, you shrink spiritual.
[O]ur honeymoon will shine our life long: its beams will only fade over your grave or mine.
The truth was, history repeated itself on a daily basis
If you want something, you don't wait for the world to deal it out for you. You take it.
Your life is not your own. Keep your hands off it.
But certainly, for us who understand life, figures are a matter of indifference.
having nothing to struggleagainstthey have nothing to strugglefor.
It’s a lack of clarity that creates chaos and frustration. Those emotions are poison to any living goal.
There is a very fine line between loving life and being greedy for it.
at your weakest, you end up showing more strength
Everybody was sorry. Sorry was easy. Sorry was for suckers.
You know, considering your IQ, you're really socially retarded sometimes.
Life rises out of death, death rises out of life
Even without wars, life is dangerous.
I am a horror maniac who prefers to stay at home.
I get it now
The hemulen woke up slowly and recognised himself and wished he had been someone he didn't know.
But a kingdom that has once been destroyed can never come again into being
Endless moons, an opaque universe, thunder, tornadoes, the quaking earth. Rare moments of peace
If you are waiting for anything in order to live and love without holding back, then you suffer.
We're all pieces of the same ever-changing puzzle
مهما كانت متاعب النساء، فهي أقل من متاعبنا، فليست لهن زوجاتكالرجال
It would be possible to describe everything scientifically, but it would make no sense
Life would be tragic if it weren't funny.
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
I believe there is another world waiting for us. A better world. And I'll be waiting for you there.
Physics is like sex: sure, it may give some practical results, but that's not why we do it.
Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence.
In my opinion, we don't devote nearly enough scientific research to finding a cure for jerks.
Do you know what we call opinion in the absence of evidence? We call it prejudice.
We are an impossibility in an impossible universe.
In science it often happens that scientists say, 'You know that's a really good argument
Wisdom is not a product of schooling but of the lifelong attempt to acquire it.
God does not play dice with the universe.
Science investigates
I suppose it is tempting, if the only tool you have is a hammer, to treat everything as if it were a nail.
The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is at all comprehensible.
We are stuck with technology when what we really want is just stuff that works.
Science is not only compatible with spirituality
Student: Dr. Einstein, Aren't these the same questions as last year's [physics] final exam?Dr. Einstein: Yes
I learned very early the difference between knowing the name of something and knowing something.
The first principle is that you must not fool yourself and you are the easiest person to fool.
The scientist is not a person who gives the right answers, he's one who asks the right questions.
Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.
I don't want to believe. I want to know.
I'm a pessimist because of intelligence, but an optimist because of will.
We are a way for the cosmos to know itself.
How inappropriate to call this planet "Earth," when it is clearly "Ocean.
If there is any religion that could respond to the needs of modern science, it would be Buddhism.
Tell me, tutor,' I said. 'Is revenge a science, or an art?
Religion is a culture of faith
[E]xceptional claims demand exceptional evidence.
The science of government it is my duty to study, more than all other sciences
The beauty of a living thing is not the atoms that go into it, but the way those atoms are put together.
I would rather have questions that can't be answered than answers that can't be questioned.
God creates dinosaurs, God kills dinosaurs, God creates man, man kills God, man brings back dinosaurs.
It sounds like a fairy-tale, but not only that
To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk.
He who is not satisfied with a little is satisfied with nothing.
Science flies you to the moon. Religion flies you into buildings.
Not only is the Universe stranger than we think, it is stranger than we can think.
I suppose therefore that all things I see are illusions
The advancement of science and the diffusion of information [is] the best aliment to true liberty.
We are trying to prove ourselves wrong as quickly as possible, because only in that way can we find progress.
In questions of science, the authority of a thousand is not worth the humble reasoning of a single individual.
Millions saw the apple fall, Newton was the only one who asked why?
If you thought that science was certain - well, that is just an error on your part.
There are in fact two things, science and opinion
WATNEY: Look! A pair of boobs! -
If the bee disappeared off the face of the earth, man would only have four years left to live.
Science is a way of thinking much more than it is a body of knowledge.
Gravity explains the motions of the planets, but it cannot explain who sets the planets in motion.
A straight line is not the shortest distance between two points.
You cannot reason people out of a position that they did not reason themselves into.
If time travel is possible, where are the tourists from the future?
The bounties of space, of infinite outwardness, were three: empty heroics, low comedy, and pointless death.
It’s pretty confusing.”“Good. Be confused. Confusion is where inspiration comes from.
Magic's just science that we don't understand yet.
To surrender to ignorance and call it God has always been premature, and it remains premature today.
Extinction is the rule. Survival is the exception.
Life is funny that way. Sometimes the dumbest thing you do turns out to be the smartest.
When my information changes, I alter my conclusions. What do you do, sir?
Questions you cannot answer are usually far better for you than answers you cannot question.
It is harder to crack prejudice than an atom.
Science is the great antidote to the poison of enthusiasm and superstition.
God is an ever-receding pocket of﻿ scientific ignorance.
Philosophy ... is a science, and as such has no articles of faith
Jasnah had once defined a fool as a person who ignored information because it disagreed with desired results.
Science may be described as the art of systematic oversimplification.
A foolish faith in authority is the worst enemy of truth.
We can only see a short distance ahead, but we can see plenty there that needs to be done.
Human science fragments everything in order to understand it, kills everything in order to examine it. 
To find the universal elements enough
Miracles are not contrary to nature but only contrary to what we know about nature.
Do you not think that there are things which you cannot understand, and yet which are
Wonder is the seed of knowledge
The human spirit must prevail over technology.
If you've got the truth you can demonstrate it. Talking doesn't prove it.
No amount of experimentation can ever prove me right
Reality provides us with facts so romantic that imagination itself could add nothing to them.
Science, you don't know, looks like magic.
Highly organized research is guaranteed to produce nothing new.
The aim of science is not to open the door to infinite wisdom, but to set a limit to infinite error.
rain slowly slides down the glass as if the night is crying.
Flowers always make people better, happier, and more helpful
As to diseases, make a habit of two things — to help, or at least, to do no harm.
Halt you villains! Unhand that science!
You can observe a lot just by watching.
Be patient with him. If the same quality did not exist in you, you wouldn’t notice it in him.
Do not become someone else just because you are hurt. Be who you are 
Discovery is always rape of the natural world. Always.
We are all star stuff.
Science is the process that takes us from confusion to understanding...
Those who are not shocked when they first come across quantum theory cannot possibly have understood it.
Nothing exists except atoms and empty space
The greatest blessing granted to mankind come by way of madness, which is a divine gift.
Science is like sex: sometimes something useful comes out, but that is not the reason we are doing it. 
If our brains were simple enough for us to understand them, we'd be so simple that we couldn't.
Interviewer: Didn't Sagan want to believe?Druyan: he didn't want to believe. he wanted to know.
I regard the afterlife to be a fairy story for people that are afraid of the dark
A blade of grass is a commonplace on Earth
Equipped with his five senses, man explores the universe around him and calls the adventure Science.
All sciences are vain and full of errors that are not born of Experience, the mother of all Knowledge.
Philosophy of science is about as useful to scientists as ornithology is to birds.
The invisible and the non-existent look very much alike.
As we all know, blinking lights means science.
And if humanity is the last war, then I am the battlefield.
Why do humans exist? A major part of the answer: because Pikaia Gracilens survived the Burgess decimation.
The man of science has learned to believe in justification, not by faith, but by verification.
I am too much of a skeptic to deny the possibility of anything.
It is very expensive to give bad medical care to poor people in a rich country.
We are star stuff harvesting sunlight.
Science is always discovering odd scraps of magical wisdom and making a tremendous fuss about its cleverness.
We are star stuff which has taken its destiny into its own hands.
Every intelligent being, whether it breathes or not, coughs nervously at some time in its life.
In a very real sense we have two minds, one that thinks and one that feels
We understand more than we know.
But in my opinion, all things in nature occur mathematically.
History repeats, but science reverberates.
Not a single one of the cells that compose you knows who you are, or cares.
Energy is liberated matter, matter is energy waiting to happen.
Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:God said, Let Newton be! and all was light.
The bright sun was extinguish'd, and the starsDid wander darkling in the eternal space.
A real scientist solves problems, not wails that they are unsolvable.
They didn't understand what they were doing.I'm afraid that will be on the tombstone of the human race.
If time be judiciously employed, there is time for everything.
In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth.
The Universe is not only queerer than we suppose, but queerer than we can suppose.
Be humble for you are made of earth. Be noble for you are made of stars.
Never underestimate spite as a motivator for genius.
Anyone who values truth should stop worshipping reason.
We must pass through the darkness, to reach the light.
Science replaces private prejudice with public, verifiable evidence.
In practical life we are compelled to follow what is most probable 
It's very, very dangerous to lose contact with living nature.
For every fact there is an infinity of hypotheses. 
What goes up must come down.
Science is what we understand well enough to explain to a computer
We know enough at this moment to say that the God of Abraham is not only unworthy of the immensity of creation
Maybe you who condemn me are in greater fear than I who am condemned.
Everyone has a hidden agenda. Except me!
Mother Nature doesn't care if you're having fun. 
He who hears the rippling of rivers in these degenerate days will not utterly despair.
Your beliefs don't make you a better person, your behavior does.
For someone who'e smarter than a supercomputer, sometimes you're a real idiot.
Life is and will ever remain an equation incapable of solution, but it contains certain known factors.
For a successful technology, reality must take precedence over public relations, for nature cannot be fooled.
Measure what can be measured, and make measurable what cannot be measured.
We are built to be effective animals, not happy ones.
My dream, is to dream, a dream.
No one will protect what they don't care about
Science teaches to think but love teaches to smile.
In God we trust. All others [must] have data. - Bernard Fisher
When in doubt, C-4.
Instead of reality being passively recorded by the brain, it is actively constructed by it.
knowledge, absolutely sure of its infallibility, is faith
So the story of man runs in a dreary circle, because he is not yet master of the earth that holds him.
Men love to wonder, and that is the seed of science.
To know the history of science is to recognize the mortality of any claim to universal truth. 
When I heard the learn’d astronomer
Colour is a power which directly influences the soul.
Any man could, if he were so inclined, be the sculptor of his own brain.
It's much easier on the emotions when one sees life as an experiment rather than a struggle for popularity.
Faith is a fine inventionWhen gentlemen can see,But microscopes are prudentIn an emergency.
It is a capital mistake to theorise before one has data.
And what greater might do we possess as human beings than our capacity to question and to learn?
Sadly, my socks are like snowflakes, no two are exactly alike.
A person who has been punished is not thereby simply less inclined to behave in a given way
Nature composes some of her loveliest poems for the microscope and the telescope.
Everything existing in the universe is the fruit of chance and necessity.
To worship a sacred mystery was just to worship your own ignorance.
No Gods Or Kings. Only Man. -Andrew Ryan
Science is what you know, philosophy is what you don't know
The easiest way to do anything is properly.
The whole value of solitude depends upon oneself
The known is finite, the unknown infinite
Something deeply hidden had to be behind things.
DNA neither cares nor knows. DNA just is. And we dance to its music.
...a wealth of information creates a poverty of attention...
In the battle that is philosophy all the techniques of war, including looting and camouflage, are permissible.
The meaning of world is the separation of wish and fact.
My view is that if your philosophy is not unsettled daily then you are blind to all the universe has to offer.
As cities grow and technology takes over the world belief and imagination fade away and so do we.
Every great advance in science has issued from a new audacity of imagination. 
Most institutions demand unqualified faith
You are a placebo responder. Your body plays tricks on your mind. You cannot be trusted.
The is a secret for greater self-control, the science points to one thing: the power of paying attention.
The biggest battle is the war against ignorance.
The very foundation of science is to keep the door open to doubt.
Monotony collapses time
It is not my intention to be fulsome, but I confess that I covet your skull.
لا توجد أي دولة في العالم انطلقت في المجال التكنولوجي دون الاعتماد على اللغة الأم.
Science, like life, feeds on its own decay. New facts burst old rules
Creative people see Prometheus in a mirror, never Pandora.
The Theory of Evolution has more holes in it than a dam made out of Swiss cheese.
Without a constant misuse of language there cannot be any discovery, any progress
These mysteries about how we evolved should not distract us from the indisputable fact that we did evolve.
I think the discomfort that some people feel in going to the monkey cages at the zoo is a warning sign.
i really like reading books
There are no gods, no nations, no money and no human rights, except in our collective imagination.
But it so happens that everything on this planet is, ultimately, irrational
It is not clear that intelligence has any long-term survival value.
Civilization exists by geological consent, subject to change without notice. 
We can't help it. Life looks for life.
There are many sources of spirituality
Freaks become norms, and norms become extinct. Monster by monster, evolution advanced
The reappearance of the crescent moon after the new moon
Geometry has two great treasures
Never fire a laser at a mirror. 
Merely fact-minded sciences make merely fact-minded people.
Revere those things beyond science which really matter and about which it is so difficult to speak.
Nothing is too wonderful to be true if it be consistent with the laws of nature.
Discovery consists of looking at the same thing as everyone else and thinking something different.
Words, too, have genuine substance -- mass and weight and specific gravity.
All killer whales are named Kevin. You knew that, right?
There are no foolish questions and no man becomes a fool until he has stopped asking questions.
I believe in evolution in the sense that a short-tempered man is the successor of a crybaby.
Spacetime tells matter how to move
Bad times have a scientific value. These are occasions a good learner would not miss.
The curious mind embraces science
Stop telling God what to do with his dice.
Man moves in a world that is nothing more or less than his consciousness objectified.–Neville Goddard
I await your sentence with less fear than you pass it. The time will come when all will see what I see.
Big whirls have little whirls,That feed on their velocity
We are not born into the world. We are born into something that we make into the world.
Its the fate of all creators: They fall in love with their creations.
Extinguished theologians lie about the cradle of every science as the strangled snakes beside that of Hercules
Science doesn't tell us what we should do. It only tells us what is.
Science Fiction: Any scientific acclaim that omits God.
The best scientist is open to experience and begins with romance - the idea that anything is possible.
Order is heaven's first law.
He wrested the world's whereabouts from the stars, and locked the secret in a pocket watch.
Religion makes people kill each other. Science supplies them with weapons.
Religion has always persecuted science.
A science that hesitates to forget its founders is lost.
Science must not impose any philosophy, any more than the telephone must tell us what to say.
The essence of science is that it is always willing to abandon a given idea for a better one
One planet, one experiment.
The greatest shortcoming of the human race is our inability to understand the exponential function.
Science is the topography of ignorance.
Nothing great is ever accomplished by following standards.
Please don't die.
The alternative to thinking in evolutionary terms is not to think at all.
Sorry for the delay," Vogel said. "I was required to make a bomb.
En un mot, pour tirer la loi de l'expérience, if faut généraliser
DNA is like a computer program but far, far more advanced than any software ever created.
The significant problems we have cannot be solved at the same level of thinking with which we created them.
Science without conscience is the soul's perdition.
A nation that can't control its energy sources can't control its future.
Science is as corruptible a human activity as any other.
I do not like odd things until I can understand them.
He who replies to words of doubtdoth put the light of knowledge out.
Nothing in the universe can travel at the speed of light, they say, forgetful of the shadow`s speed.
Science, like art, is not a copy of nature but a re-creation of her.
It is a profound and necessary truth that the deep things in science are not found because they are useful
When things get too complicated, it sometimes makes sense to stop and wonder: Have I asked the right question?
I think we have different value systems." —Arthur"Well mine's better." —Ford
The assumption of an absolute determinism is the essential foundation of every scientific enquiry.
Faced with an exciting question, science tended to provide the dullest possible answer.
The history of astronomy is a history of receding horizons.
Science only goes so far, then comes God.- Noah Calhoun-
Nobody is driven by abstractions like 'seeking truth.
Thus, as far as he is a scientific man, as far as he knows anything, he is a materialist
Nothing in biology makes sense except in the light of evolution.
We should never wait for science to give us permission to do the uncommon
Today something unusual happened
আধুনিক বিজ্ঞান মানুষকে দিয়েছে বেগ, কিন্তু কেড়ে নিয়েছে আবেগ। তাতে আছে গতির আনন্দ, নেই যতির আয়েস।
We long for permanence but everything in the known universe is transient. That’s a fact but one we fight.
They are ill discoverers that think there is no land, when they can see nothing but sea.
I have no responsibility to live up to what others expect of me. That's their mistake, not my failing.
For scientists, reality is not optional.
Us" versus "them" is not in our genes. It is something we learn.
Seni sama pentingnya dengan matematika. Seni memanusiakan manusia. Seni menciptakan rasa empati
Temporis filia veritas
It is interesting to note how many of the great scientific discoveries begin as myths.
[Flaubert] didn’t just hate the railway as such
If you see an antimatter version of yourself running towards you, think twice before embracing.
See now the power of truth
I am one of those who think, like Nobel, that humanity will draw more good than evil from new discoveries.
In every man, there is a child. In every woman, there is a mother. 
the mind is a neural computer
I know LSD
Oh juventud nunca dejes de pensar...
Science had to have some mystery otherwise everyone would find out how simple it was.
Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to compute it.
Night clubs are where Americans learn the laws of motion.
Consider the Lichen. Lichens are just about the hardiest visible organisms on Earth, but the least ambitious.
Knowledge is like an endless resource
Discover the force of the skies O Men: once recognised it can be put to use.
My mind was formed by studying philosophy, Plato and that sort of thing.
Reason and free inquiry are the only effectual agents against error.
Gravity always wins
The consequences of an act affect the probability of its occurring again.
While the art of printing is left to us science can never be retrograde
The industry had realized you could create the impression of controversy simply by asking questions
If a rat is a good model for your emotional life, you're in big trouble.
Aristotle maintained that women have fewer teeth than men
Histories make men wise
One possibility is: God is nothing but the power of the universe to organize itself.
Understanding requires insight. Insight must be anchored.
Religions die when they are proved to be true. Science is the record of dead religions.
Impossibility only lasts until you find new unbelievable hard evidences.
Truth has nothing to do with the conclusion, and everything to do with the methodology.
We may not yet know the right way to go, but we should at least stop going in the wrong direction.
To err is human, to persist in error is diabolical.
Mr. Watson — Come here — I want to see you.[First intelligible words spoken over the telephone]
Wind is renewable. Turbines are not.
One of the penalties of an ecological education is that one lives alone in a world of wounds.
If the world should blow itself up, the last audible voice would be that of an expert saying it can't be done.
Problems in science are sometimes made easier by adding complications.
It is either coincidence piled on top of coincidence," said Hollus, "or it is deliberate design.
A kiss without a moustache, they said then, is like an egg without salt
And fragile is thy tenure of this worldStill haunted by the monstrous ghost of God.("To Science")
The scientific method is nothing more than a system of rules to keep us from lying to each other.
Mencari, itulah titah ilmu pada pengabdinya.
This seems charmingly paradoxical: scientists seek one truth but often voice many opinions
Nature, to be commanded, must be obeyed. The imagination must be given not wings but weights.
If you don't like the solution, change the problem.
Science requires an engagement with the world, a live encounter between the knower and the known.
Every science begins as philosophy and ends as art
Science is the poetry of reality.
Science never solves a problem without creating ten more
If your experiment needs a statistician, you need a better experiment.
The world keeps happening, in accordance with its rules
All inquiries carry with them some element of risk.
Oh! to shoot for the stars if feels right. Aim for my heart if it feels right.
Our true mentor in life is science.
Consistency is the playground of dull minds
Witchcraft to the ignorant, .... Simple science to the learned.
...quantum mechanics—the physics of our world—requires that you hold such pedestrian complaints in abeyance.
Science has made us gods even before we are worthy of being men.
May God us keepFrom Single vision and Newton's sleep.
One of the advantages of science is that one's work, ultimately, is either replicated or it is not.
Science isn't just about blowing things up. Rather it's about blowing things up and knowing how you did it.
Here lies one from a distant star, but the soil is not alien to him, for in death he belongs to the universe.
The History Of The Universe In Three WordsCHAPTER ONEBang!CHAPTER TWOsssssCHAPTER THREEcrunch.THE END
This is the team. We're trying to go to the moon. If you can't put someone up, please don't put them down.
All things remarkable are surprisingly simple
Where the frontier of science once was is now the centre.
It doesn't matter how beautiful your theory is ... If it doesn't agree with experiment, it's wrong.
Any faith that admires truth, that strives to know God, must be brave enough to accommodate the universe.
I maintain that the cosmic religious feeling is the strongest and noblest motive for scientific research.
Le savant doit ordonner 
Your Excellency, I have no need of this hypothesis.
You cannot separate passion from pathology any more than you can separate a person's spirit from his body.
Science is better than sympathy, if only it is science.
Every day, and in every way, I am becoming better and better.
Eat healthy. Work hard. Stay strong. Worry less. Dance more. Love often. Be happy...
Magic is science. It’s simply a fancier term for showing people the impossible is attainable.
Bring forward what is true. Write it so that it is clear. Defend it to your last breath.
Research is the process of going up alleys to see if they are blind.
Sit down, have a nice cup of coffee read a book in another language - the fountain of youth!
Scientific People, unscientific mind
In space no one can hear you scream
When you have only ever experienced privilege, equality feels like oppression.
I happen to know this, and I happen to know that, and maybe I know that
In whatever disease sleep is laborious, it is a deadly symptom
Good problems and mushrooms of certain kinds have something in common
I would suggest that science is, at least in my part, informed worship.
Glendower: I can call the spirits from the vasty deep.Hotspur: Why, so can I, or so can any man
Science was many things, Nadia thought, including a weapon with which to hit other scientists.
To a naturalist nothing is indifferent
I would not choose to live in any age but my own
Do you know where your breakthrough begins? Your breakthrough begins where your excuses ends.
Man has to awaken to wonder - and so perhaps do peoples. Science is a way of sending him to sleep again.
Men are not potatoes!
You must not lie about trilobites, nor yet about time.
There is much in this vision that will remind you of your mystics
If you removed all the arteries, veins, 
The atoms of the earth are formed inside of stars. Nothing really dies, everything is transformed.
Science ask facts and religion ask faith, humans are confused between life and death.
If we reject science, we reject the common man.
There is no greater power than the one others do not believe you possess.
Al-Qur'an is not a book of Science, ‘S-C-I-E-N-C-E’ but a book of Signs ‘S-I-G-N-S
What use was time to those who'd soon achieve Digital Immortality?
The smaller the creature, the bolder its spirit.
The aim of science is to make difficult things understandable in a simpler way
Read Euler, read Euler, he is the master of us all.
Eratosthenes, the mapmaker who was the first man to accurately measure the size of the Earth, was a librarian.
The slang for the rectum is "prison wallet".
Facts do not fall in the face of discomfort.
أنا غير كفؤ للحديث عن اللاشيء، لأن رجال الدين والفلاسفة هم خبراء في لاشيء!
Si el universo fuese un vestido,¿cuál te pondrías esta noche?
Freedom, the first-born of science.
Imagination is cheap as long as you don't have to worry about the details.
There is no problem more difficult to solve than that created by ourselves.
I don't need to travel back in time to cause trouble. Seeing back through time finds me trouble enough!
Scientists need to invent a way to make DNA work like in cartoons.
You are clever man, friend John
Give me the positions and velocities of all the particles in the universe, and I will predict the future.
The TV scientist who mutters sadly, "The experiment is a failure
Science is not a heartless pursuit of objective information
Science is only a Latin word for knowledge
To be able to see into a friends' dream is a dream in itself.-Doctor Kōsaku Tokita (Paprika)
Although personally, I think cyberspace means the end of our species.
Some information is classified legitimately
Tugas peneliti adalah mengungkap rahasia dengan metode
I was like I was in science class: I was curious.
Together, "Light and Knowledge" are Inanimate, Intangible, and Inseparable.
The most dangerous worldview is the worldview of those have not viewed the world.
The best place to start the evolution of the vertebrates is the imagination.
The real difficulty about volcanism is not to see how it can start, but how it can stop.
Meteorites don’t fall on the Earth. They fall on the Sun and the Earth gets in the way.” - John W. Campbell
You have heard of the new chemical nomenclature endeavored to be introduced by Lavoisier, Fourcroy, 
If you can’t appreciate science and religion at the same time, your life must be scary.
The plural of anecdote is not data.
But still try for who knows what is possible!
Creating a better futureRequires creativity in the present.
It tastes like water spiked with strange.
Alfred Nobel stipulated that no distinction of race or colour will determine who received of his generosity.
The works which this man leaves behind him occupy a few pages only
The landed classes neglected technical education, taking refuge in classical studies
It's true
Justice, love, truth, peace and harmony, a serene unity with science and the laws of the universe.
Science is what we have learned about how to keep from fooling ourselves.
Science is the most reliable guide in life.
By denying scientific principles, one may maintain any paradox.
There is no such things as magic, though there is such a thing as knowledge of the hidden ways of Nature.
Without art, we should have no notion of the sacred
Faith is always coveted most and needed most urgently where will is lacking
[Doubt] is not a new idea
There are two kinds of truth
Scientists seek the lawfulness of events. It is the task of Religion to fit man into this lawfulness.
Truths are as much a matter of questions as answers.
All what we think and know is an illusion. Nothing exists. Everything is an opinion.
A man who knows what other men know,know nothing for they all know the same
Science is my territory, but science fiction is the landscape of my dreams.
The humble Cumulus humilis - never hurt a soul.
All creation necessarily ends in this: Creators, powerless, fleeing from the things they have wrought.
If a conclusion is not poetically balanced, it cannot be scientifically true.
No one disputes that seeming order can come out of the application of simple rules. But who wrote the rules?
I am serving the purpose for which I was designed, therefore I am satisfied with my existence.
The near side of a galaxy is tens of thousands of light-years closer to us than the far side
The history of science is the saga of nature defying common sense.
All we know of the Missing Link is that he is missing - and he won't be missed either.
It is my mood which decides the weather, it is my mood which brings the tiny changes to humankind.
...but I still think that to the unprejudiced, the fossil record of plants is in favor of special creation.
Being born as mediocre is fate, but to die as one is FAILURE.
Some piously record 'In the beginning God', but I say 'In the beginning hydrogen'.
Mathematical Knowledge adds a manly Vigour to the Mind, frees it from Prejudice, Credulity, and Superstition.
People say we are playing God. My answer is: If we don't play God, who will?
The steam engine has done much more for science than science has done for the steam engine.
Dermatology ... this young daughter of medicine ...
What medicines do not heal, the lance will
I liked numbers because they were solid, invariant
Alfvén dismissed in his address religion as a 'myth'...
A man who wants the truth becomes a scientist
......
Everything can't be explained by some general biological phrase.
His work seems to confirm my old axiom: it is useless to try to keep the whole body alive.
Eve and the apple was the first great step in experimental science.
MakeNew FrNdS But Keep D oLd , One iS silVerThe Other is Gold.
In our country religion is not different from philosophy and religion 
Subjectivity is strange to Science, while Relativity is an objective part of it.
Where there has been true science, art has always been its exponent.
Hominids typically haven't so much adapted to change, as they have accommodated to it.
Truth is not as pompous and romantic as myth ... but it has the immeasurable value of being the Truth.
When we look up at night and view the stars, everything we see is shinning because of distant nuclear fusion.
And you are made of a hundred trillion cells. We are, each of us, a multitude.
The more you delve into science, the more it appears to rely on faith.
When man becomes greater than nature, nature, which gave us birth, will respond.
A curious aspect of the theory of evolution is that everybody thinks he understands it.
Arabic science throughout its golden age was inextricably linked to religion
Tell me what you eat and I will tell you who you are.
Science says the first word on everything, and the last word on nothing.
The void is 'not-being,' and no part of 'what is' is a 'not-being,'
Birth after birth the line unchanging runs,And fathers live transmitted in their sons
A new concept of god: “something not very different from the sum total of the physical laws of the universe
 One sometimes finds what one is not looking for 
A ști anumite lucruri pe de rost îți conferă capacitatea unei înțelegeri superioare.
I think you'll find it's a bit more complicated than that.
Politics is for the moment and equation is for eternity.
The features of character are carved out of adversity.
In order to disprove the assertion that all crows are black, one white crow is sufficient.
I believe in spectacles, but I think eyes necessary too.
... nothing in Nature is black or white, few solutions are clean and clear
Nothing makes a woman beauty than her belief that she is beauty.
Nothing is as engaged as a retentive human brain as uncounted events is inhibited in it
God promises neither good life nor good health but live your life the way it is planned by you and fate.
Science is a hammer for change.
Universe consists of frozen light.
DNA has memory!
Evil may be 'unscientific' but so is a song or a smile.
No definite sciencewithout trial 
Science asymptotically approaches reality.
The science of a religious man must be scientific
With great power comes great dissipation.
I'm convinced that before the year 2000 is over, the first child will have been born on the moon.
William James describes a man who got the experience from laughing-gas
In other studies you go as far as other have gone before you, and there is nothing more to know
Men say they know many things
Science begs literature to develop wings.
It is important that students bring a certain ragamuffin, barefoot irreverence to their studies
A beautiful bright blue sky
Size does matter.Nano even better.
In the mind of an ordinary, 1+1 = 2
For once reality and his brains came into contact and the result was fatal.
No men who really think deeply about women retain a high opinion of them
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from a completely ad hoc plot device.
Thirty-five craters on the moon are named for Jesuit scientists and mathematicians. 
a room without boooks like a body without soul
In four months we could actually have an administration that believes in science.
Life is directly proportional to happiness and sadness.
Jesuits so dominated the study of earthquakes that seismology became known as 'the Jesuit Science.
La science est une nouvelle religion et la désinfection est son eau bénite.
To be scientifically literate is to empower yourself to know when someone else is full of shit.
The father of Egyptology was Father Athanasius Kircher.
Wissenschaft ist Macht.
Even the truth is just a mere thought.
To say that science is logical is like saying that a painting is paint.
Information, contemplated over time, is knowledge. 
No crime is a means to an end. No crime can be rationalized.
The universe is an amazingly fickle and eventful place, and our existence within is a wonder.
Every leader-writer who thunders ‘Galileo’ at us assumes that we know even less about Galileo than he does.
Art is the Tree of Life, Science is the Tree of Death.
You cannot explore the universe if you think that you are the center of it.
Lo que sabemos es una gota de agua
Man armed with science is like a baby with a box of matches.
Every scientist is a descendant of Humboldt. We are all his family.
The greatest single achievement of nature to date was surely the invention of the molecule DNA.
Peace begins when expectations end.
Science explained people, but could not understand them.
We must understand the Cosmos as it is and not confuse how it is with how we wish it to be.
When you are loved, you can do anything in creation.
Culture, like science, is no protection against demons.
...space flight still had a long way to go to catch up with the safety record of the milkshake industry.
Mysticism is colourful and alluring, but if you are after the truth, science is the best path!
Baxter knows a lot more than I do, I told her.Yes, said Baxter, but I will never tell people all of it.
The Lesson is Life and Life is the Lesson, and the Lesson does not contain a single Atom.
Amicus scientia est amicus Deus: Friend of science is the friend of God!
Science is the process of obscuring the marvelous with explanations.
The sun rises from the two places: From the East and also from where the Science rises!
There is a looming chasm between what your brain knows and what your mind is capable of accessing.
Everything we care about lies somewhere in the middle, where pattern and randomness interlace.
We shall take a star out of the skies and shall set thousands of worlds on fire...
(T)he increase of known truths stimulates the investigation, establishment, and growth of the arts.
See that the mind is honest, first
The energy and daring is to resist the noes, until the final yes has been achieved.
Teaching the layperson (divulgare) is not distorting (tergiversare) the subject, but educating the public
The ‘stream’ we call science always flows forward
So many other planets 
I'll bite: Hard science TA's and RA's often repair equipment
It’s very dangerous to invent something in our times
For a child, parents’ warning is like a rose blooming in the brain
If to have breasts is to be human, then to save them is to save ourselves.
Our friend Dirac has a creed
A recent survey of 2,000 male graduates of Harvard Business Schoolfound that penis length 
Two is not greater than three, even for extremely large values of two.
Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight.
Houston, Tranquillity Base here. The Eagle has landed.
Not all complex problems have easy solutions
If the brain was simple enough to be understood - we would be too simple to understand it!
Maybe knowledge is as fundamental, or even more fundamental than [material] reality.
I'm convinced that Theoretical Physicist is just another way of saying BS Artist.
They lived like monkeys still, while their new god powers lay around them in the weeds.
It's cloaked in cultural mumbo jumbo, but I assure you that it is very hard science.
Odiaría morir dos veces, sería tan aburrido!.
False facts are highly injurious to the progress of science, for they often endure long
The classification of the constituents of a chaos, nothing less is here essayed.
Think about it
The belief that the world was created yesterday seems to hold great appeal to those born at that time.
Many of the big changes of the next 25 years will come from unknowns working in their bedrooms and garages...
He pointed to another number, changing as rapidly as the first, but on a lower trajectory
never forget that it is not a pneumonia, but pneumonic man who is your patient
Something but not nothing because nothing is an infinite possibility.
There is one thing alone that stands the brunt of life throughout its course
The laws of gravity cannot be held responcible for people falling in love.
Many physicists these days sound like the Delphic oracle - with equations.
In science ... "discovery" can mean finding a guppy with an extra spine in its dorsal fin.
The Bible is a book of Science. Secular Humanism is a religion of mythology.
A man of logic is a man of sin.
One day, scientists will overtake LIGHT and crash into the DARKNESS.
Science is not about making predictions or performing experiments. Science is about explaining.
Science cuts two ways, of course
eorum omnium actiones in se invicem
Nie można zrozumieć ani życia jednostki, ani życia społeczeństwa, nie odnosząc jednego do drugiego.
A mathematician believes that describing the speed of Mercury with equations amounts to science.
Proof' is the hallmark of religion.
Energy is the universal language of Nature
Watching large mammals living their ordinary life in the jungle is extraordinary
There were long stretches of DNA in between genes that didn't seem to be doing very much
Physics advances by accepting absurdities. Its history is one of unbelievable ideas proving to be true.
God invented space so that not everything had to happen in Princeton.
Satire may be mad and anarchic, but it presupposes an admitted superiority in certain things over others
Scientists study only those aspects of the universe that it is within their gift to study: what is observable
Ultimately amorality is immorality.
A great physicist is always a metaphysicist as well
We are all a complete mixture
...Once again confirms that there is no such thing as genetically pure classification into different races.
Science is a trigger of changes of civilization. Religion is the failsafe of science performance.
Mankind needs new law to embrace new science.
Ir à lua e voltar não é tão desafiador quanto retornar à terra e ter de lidar com a humanidade.
There are no proofs. There are only agreements
Une civilisation sans la Science, ce serait aussi absurde qu'un poisson sans bicyclette.
The universe evolved from something and nothing, and has most of these elemental dualpair until now.
Science blasphemed when tries to eliminate scarcity in economy.
Doctrine once sown strikes deep its root, and respect for antiquity influences all men.
To establish that a rule is likely to be true, one must try to prove it false.
When Coleridge tried to define beauty, he returned always to one deep thought
The older Puritans had trampled down all fleshly impulses
some people want just, to sit back and watch the world burn.
Gwynned lies two days westwards
Father Roger Boscovich is often credited as the father of modern atomic theory.
The sciences were financially supported, honoured everywhere, universally pursued
But that which fanaticism formerly promised to the elect, science now accomplishes for all men. 
Individual organ of human brain makes individual decision for working of brain and driving behavior in humans.
L'Homme a arrêté son évolution après avoir inventé la roue et l'air climatisé.
Father Nicholas Steno, is often identified as the father of geology.
The first person to measure the rate of acceleration of a free falling body was Father Giambattista Riccioli.
Il faut regarder la configuration ensemble pour déterminer le comportement des parties et non l'inverse.
When forests are on the increase globally, they substantially help with climate change.
Discoveries lies in deep depth.
Or maybe they'll board my ship and lay eggs in my brain. You can never be sure.
One component of infinity is the complete absence of time.
I feel personally responsible for the universe's inevitable heat death.
The word prefers to use many words. And that is perfectly fine. It is after all not good to be alone.
All of science is either physics or stamp collecting.
Climate makes the difference in appearance, not in character.
A smartphone is not smart if you don't know its smart uses.
We will conserve what we love, love what we understand and understand what we are taught.
Even the sternest oppression, however, cannot stop human thought forever.
There are only twenty-four hours in a day. Make sure this is one of them.
Life isn't a struggled to know what's right. It's a struggle to do it.
Out of the box thinking? What box?
I've had many dreams useless dreams while sleeping. Priceless are those that guide me while awake.
Future's life is called science. It will only come to an end before the death of this world.
There is only oneself in relationship with itself.
The cause of self is self not wanting to be by itself.
There where otherness is perceived is but oneself desiring togetherness.
Truth is simple yet purposely complex.
At any time there is only oneself. As to free will? Self is always free but wills companionship.
The purpose of self is love.
God is one not wanting to be alone.
All this for companionship
Self is love in action.
Gott würfelt nicht.
It is more important to have beauty in one’s equation than to have them fit experiment
All movement is self.Self moves itself out of love.
There is only oneself which perceives itself as differentiated so not to be by itself
Loneliness is dreadfulness
Religion is not meant to explain the universe. It cannot replace scientific research.
The eigenstate is love.
Truth is simple and purpose is love with love being a synonym for companionship and friendship.
Self fluctuates itself so not to be by itself
Surely beyond all this complexity is a simple truth centered around love.
Truth is simple yet purposely complex as in diverse. The purpose? Companionship yes love
Science is self studying itself.
Anomalies essentially prove that the impossible is indeed possible.
Simplicity is more complex than complexity
Evolution means Love in action.
The meaning of self is love.
Spirituality is just science we don't understand. Yet.
Sometimes when I close my eyes, I can't see
The big bang was self induced out of desire
After all, the purpose of learning isn't to affirm our beliefs
The origin of self is self not wanting to be by itself. The purpose of self is companionship. Love so love.
Self is differentiated so not to be by itself.The purpose of self companionship.Love so love.
All is self caused. All is self desired. All is self perceived.The purpose simply love.
The origin of the world is love.To love and be loved.So not to be alone.
Science is supposedly about asking questions, except about scientists and how science is done.
Stratum Corneum... The phrase is Latin for "horny layer" (teehee).
The depth of discovery lies in the deep.
[A]s often as not, science is not under debate
Scientists are the destroyers of myths and sometimes the myths they destroy are there own.
We are specks, flickering in and out of existence, with no significance to the cosmos.
Science is the study of self.
… todo lo neurológico es real, y además también puede estar en nuestra cabeza.
When it comes to abiogenesis
There are those for whom the spectacular successes of science have rendered religion redundant
Misunderstanding of probability may be the greatest of all general impediments to scientific literacy.
The dose makes the poison — and the elixir.
A child can be made to do something for a candy. A man? For a fairytale.
Nature is never interpreted by numbers.
Make no mistakes to understand nature by numbers.
Hobbies are being prescribed to-day for the tired business man, business woman and housewife by physicians.
In superior arts and sciences, we don't look into perfection
Or- and I know this is ridiculous, but hear me out- we could just not get shot anymore,
I’m still struggling to accept that Pluto may not be a planet.
From its first day to this, sheer greed was the driving spirit of civilization
Let your inner self able to see more beautiful things
We all believe silly things. What matters is how silly and how many.
science is knowledge, but who defines what that knowledge is?
What is advantages and disadvantages Ecommerce web development services ?
The glory of being an artist, he realized, was that reality should inform but not constrain
...what effacement of the individual ego, a life in science now entailed.
The Great Advancements in life seem to happen after Global 'Catastrophes'
We can never be right, we can only prove we're wrong.
Accepting the truth is an initial stage of progression.
How' is for scientists, 'why' is for philosophers.
The main job of theoretical physics is to prove yourself wrong as soon as possible.
Today's Science, Tomorrow's Technology
Man's Riches are Equal to the Scars One Carries.
I do not like to suffer at all from what I call the German disease, an interest in philosophy.
We often talk of saving the planet, but the truth is that we must do these things to save ourselves.
As Cosmic Vibration, all things are one
The movements of the stars have become clearer
Sometimes, a bone is just a coconut
The sky is deep then?' Dietrich said. 'Immeasurbly deep.
Tinkering, however 'scientifically', with our minds and bodies will never make the world a better place.
My thoughts can manipulate the structure of reality, it has eternal directions and can stretch up to infinity.
Agora até um frango tem mais tecnologia do que carne.
It was about time they got together. They were circling each other like deepwater sharks in mating season.
I have no use for the truth. I buried it deeply a long time ago.
THe real friends are the freidns we met along the way 
Our definition of an atheist as someone who denies perfection has an immediate corollary
Our definition of an atheist as someone who denies perfection has an immediate corollary
Without free will, we have no more ability to judge, care or change than a crocodile.
He fell prey to a common fallacy. He wanted to philosophize, that is, to play God
How can you trust in something you don’t really know?
I don't know about you, but money isn't free.
The great thing about science is it is real whether you believe it or not
Religion landed men on hell. Science landed men on the moon. Mathematics will land men on heaven.
Imagination is more important than Knowledge.......
What happens with the economy when the economists are sleeping?
It is ludicrous to mistake the Bible and the Koran for primers of natural science.
Education is not to be used to promote obscurantism.
We still have not yet fully understood electrons and nuclei
Black-holes are 'worm-holes' to other universes
A science that closes its ears to philosophy fades into superficiality
If “God” were real, we all know what he would really have said: “Let There Be Mathematics!
It does no harm to the romance of the sunset to know a little about it.
Why was I so authoritative in a surgeon's coat but so meek in a patient's gown?
Consciousness is a computational goal state
Blackholes are the ''wormholes" to new universes
We stood on the shoulders of giants, but we fell off.
Tools in my Cart, Analytics is an Art.Story with a twist'Became an Artist.
We all dissappear at the end of the story
We all dissappear at the end of the story
You are not inside universe, Universe is inside you.
There is nothing called discovery, Its just rediscovery.
Birth is not the source and death is not the destination, We are stuck in endless loop.
Temptation leads to evolution and innovation and then to destruction.
Humans replicating their supernatural powers through machines, and gradually becoming powerless.
Just because we can't sense, That doesn't mean it isn't there.
You're born with no religion or race..You're born a human being. Live and fight for humanity.
If all religions teach peace, Why can't all religions achieve PEACE?
There's no such thing as safety. Only degrees of risk.
Healthy food equals a healthy life.
When I die, my first question to the devil will be:What is the meaning of the fine structure constant?
After everything is doubted, stand for what is left standing.
Stick with science, trust what has been proven and replicated numerous times, you can’t go wrong with that.
we now live in a society
The journey of innovation call for having not a new sight but having a new pair of eyes.
You can't dull my sparkle ✨
Denn bei historischer Forschung geht es doch gerade darum, Fremdartigkeit zu erhalten.
Who would set a limit to the mind? Who would dare assert that we know all there is to be known?
With a fixed amount of matter and energy in the universe, everything is a zero-sum game on some level.
Mathematics is the ultimate superhero – the Cosmic Chameleon. It can become anything.
If the scientific worldview makes us uncomfortable, it is because it challenges all our romantic fantasies.
Some truths, some people will never understand
Science fiction of today, may become science fact of tomorrow
Evidence,” he said, “outweighs testimony.
When we tell them that the tree is not a who but an it, we make that maple an object
In fact, anyone who believes in an old earth, Christian or secular, cannot believe in a global Flood.
No one can know what it feels like to be anyone else. That is a mystery science will never penetrate.
Research is often the search for facts that support one’s prejudice(s)
Facts Don't Care About Your Feelings
Most of the subjects and objects of science and technology are just a copy of nature, but not pure invention.
New blood severs old ties.
An all purpose expert is an oxymoron
An all-purpose expert is an oxymoron.
The Flood was not merely a mass of water
Il solo modo sicuro di evitare il cancro è quello di non nascere, vivere significa correre il rischio.
Per ogni problema complesso vi è una soluzione semplice. Ed è sempre sbagliata
When something seems like an unbelievable coincidence, then consider that it might not be a coincidence
Physics can change your mind, your life and even your time.
In science it's not the research that counts, but how it helps the people.
It's better to have no science than to have a science without accountability.
Alleviation of human suffering should be the direct outcome of science, not a collateral byproduct.
The problem with the idea of cause and effect is that what is deemed the cause is an effect.
When it comes to revolutionizing science, what matters is quality of thought, not quantity of true believers.
It is by descending into the depths of his own self that man wanders through all the dimensions of the world
All of these years of my service towards mankind did not bring me nothing but assaults and humiliations.
The right dose of expectations can be as powerful as one of the strongest painkillers.
Wonder and knowledge are both to be cherished.
Ben buraya bir aşüfte karı ile cümbüş etmeye mi geliyorum sanıyordun?
The great myth of the free gaze, which, in its fidelity to discovery receives the virtue to destroy
Coincidence is the mother of superstition
If when flying too close to the sun, your wings burn, rebuild them from iron, ingenuity and creativity.
The absence of doubt is not necessarily a sign of the presence of truth.
MY BATTERY IS LOW AND IT´S GETTING DARK.(Launched on July 7, 2003
Verstehe. Nach meiner Krankenschwester verging mir auch der Appetit.
Every living thing moves on the surface of the earth.
Nature understands no jesting
Doğumundan 13.8 milyar yıl sonra evrenimiz uyandı ve kendinin farkına vardı.
I believe that integrating science concepts into exciting stories is the best way for students to learn.
Respect native people and their rights.And they respond to respect you.
Science is of no value unless it is accompanied by social concern.
Physics is the only thing that can challenge the God.
I want to die, because I want to live.
Observe, understand and publish.
Every nation is blessed with beautiful nature.
You know, girls, I was wondering how the end of the world will be.
Now you trigger me about the power of thinking.
I don't want to speak...
It’s not well! Nothing is well! No one is well!
The Scientific Method, doing it right since the 1600s.
Beautiful is what we see, more beautiful is what we know, most beautiful by far is what we don't.
Não quero crer, quero saber.
Julian's Law: The first direction you insert a USB plug is the wrong direction.
Enlighten your mind, you will find beauty everywhere.
Even the invisible leave footprints.
The number 2 is a very dangerous number: that is why the dialectic is a dangerous process
In this world, you should always be suspicious of the knowledge you derive from data.
It takes an earthquake to remind us that we walk on the crust of an unfinished planet.
Ohne Phosphor kein Gedanke.
Knowledge is power ... but understanding is everything.
It is true that a thousand days cannot prove you right, but one day can prove you to be wrong.
She saw that magic and science were heads and tails of the same bright coin.
If you want to make unique discoveries, you do not follow the crowd.
Life is a story
It’s not science until somebody writes it down.
I killed god and I feel empty inside.
Science, unlike god favors all.
I am an international kind of guy.
Sweet is the lore which Nature brings
You be Europa, and I'll be your Jupiter
Truth in human life is not universal, for each human creates their own truth.
Pure logic could never lead us to anything but tautologies
Blessed are the doubters, for they shall not be easily fooled.
Whatever the ultimate nature of reality may turn out to be, it's completely different from how it seems.
Without publishing, how can we make public scientific findings for the advancement of society?
The difference between Action and Re-action is originality and timing.
My favorite law is Law of Cause and Effect, no one goes astray following its lead.
Some think to evolve
Science is a way humans try to tell themselves the truths.
Believe in the butterfly effect and let the world see the change through your randomness
Erwin Schrödinger . . .’ ‘He of the cat.
Ignore the obstacles. Just put your head down and keep walking forward.
Un zoológico es una mejor ventana desde la cual observar el mundo humano que un monasterio
Every mad scientist secretly dreams of playing God.
For behind is our animality and before us our humanity
I am a scientist, but my allegiance is not to science, it is to humanity.
Publish to make the work public.
Search with the mind, not the eyes.
Make mistakes, make lots of them to become smart.
Study divine science, the holy scriptures.
We were taking drugs long before we were human.
Life is an edge phenomenon in the cosmos, something that has snuck in.
There is a dinosaur outside my window. I'm watching it as I write this.
Science says you're a bitch!
Few laymen understand that the synthesizing theories of Science are religious revelations in disguise.
Ad Astra Per Aspera
Man is part of the mystery, he tries to solve.
To be great you need to have faith, In self
Race is a social construct. This does not mean that it is invalid or unimportant.
Genius is only relevant in this moment of time.
Anti-Semitism is one of the only forms of racial bigotry that punches upwards to perceived power
The love for all living creatures is the most noble attribute to a man.
Believing some facts depends on believing some facts.
We are in a spiral of environmental decline.
Being Religeous - Question everything and practice what is logical 
Thoughts are natural events that you do not possess, and whose meaning you only imperfectly recognize.
Science is the language God speaks. The better we know how things work, the closer we are to the divine.
Sky is not the limit
And the stars look very different today.
Feel its taste before letting it go down your throat.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow
If I have seen further than those before me, it was because I connected to the spiritual world.
Failures are the directions to discovery.
Um dragão que cospe fogo pelas ventas vive na minha garagem - O Mundo assombrado pelos demônios.
Abstraction is the cost of generalization.
Infinity took me to places I had never been to before.
Science explains the Magic of Spirit.
Contribute to culture.
My science is not separate from my humanity - they fulfill each other - they empower each other.
The spirit is colourless like water
For every minute, the future is becoming the past.
Neuro-linguistic programming is to Neuroscience what Astrology is to Astronomy.
There is nothing like Nature.
Nature invites you to love her in its simplicity of beauty.
Nature bears witness to sacred beauty.
The concept of infinity is meaningless inside of an insane human mind.
I have spent time with infinity.
Be historic.
I am going to destroy bad science with good science.
You wanted to know how I get my ideas - I don't - my ideas get me.
Distance appears to only apply when the universe knows She is being watched.
Evolution favors eyes to perceive the world in 3D
In a matter of minutes, nothing was left of Spider but a large black soot mark on the ceiling.
At 6:00 a.m. light streamed in the side window of the Harlem brownstone
The cosmos is full beyond measure of elegant truths
The future of Africa lies in the consistent investment of its leaders in STEM.
Everything is a science. Science is just paying attention and sorting out the rules already in place.
Something's always discovered when you fail, you just have to find out what.
It is a quantum world. We are just living in it.
To a scientist physics is philosophy.
Our true nationality is science.
You don't have to be a genius to be a scientist, but you do need to be persistent.
Studiando, noi diventiamo tutti filosofi
The development of full artificial intelligence could spell the end of the human race.
I view Science and Spirituality as soulmates. They'll eventually meet and co-create together.
Be good to your body, and your body will be good to you.
If it looks like an impact crater and smells like an impact crater, it is an impact crater.
Geochemists said the 'shocked quartz' was not really shocked at all - not even mildly surprised.
Unicorns are horses that lost faith in science.
Bumblebees detect the polarization of sunlight, invisible to uninstrumented humans
Non cogitamus, ergo nihil sumus
We can observe, but reasoning about what we observe requires truth.
Without Christ, we can’t rationally reason beyond what we can observe.
Emptiness is the absence of some things, not the absence of everything.
In the future, everyone will be a scientist.
Rational well-argued evidence, not intimidation, will be the way to make progress.
The natural peak of the human circadian rhythm is in the early afternoon.
